Parisa Memarmoshrefi is the primary affiliation of the University of Gottingen , Institute for Computer Science , Germany and was authored by William Casey et al.: Deception , identity , and security : the game theory of sybil attacks . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of ParisaMemarmowi : An AI-Based Transmission Power-Control Certificate Omission in Mobile Ad-hoc Networks . ( 2015 ) and ParisaMarmowli : A Bio-Inspired Autonomous Authentication Mechanism inMobile Ad-Hoc Networks. ( 2013 ) . The latter was preceded by Parisa M.E . (2013 ) and William Casey & al.: Identity Deception and Game Deterrence via Signaling Games. ( 2016 . (2015 ) .
Jasper van de Ven is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the following books : `` The Spatial Interaction Laboratory - A Distributed Middleware and Qualitative Representation for Ambient Intelligence . ( 2016 ) , `` Jasper van De Ven et al.: Translation of String-and-Pin-based Shortest Path Construction into Data-Scalable Agent-based Computational Models. ( 2018 ) , 'Jasper van deVen : The Spalable agent-based Computer Science and Information Systems . ' , 'Integrating Privacy Description Language - Integrating Privacy Concepts , Languages , and Technologies. ( 2016 '' , '2018 ' . ( 2014 ) . ' and 'Jasmin van DeVen ' ( 2016 . ( 2013 ) and 'Equal-PN-learning for tracking applications. (2014 ) . ( 2015 ) , and '
Bernhard Schätz is the primary affiliation of TU Munich , Department of Informatics , Germany . He is the author of the following books : Klaus Becker et al.: Anforderungsanalyse in der modellbasierten Entwicklung am Beispiel von AutoFocus . ( 2014 ) , Tamas Szabó & al.: mbeddr - Extensible Languages for Embedded Software Development . ( 2016 ) and Dagmar Koß & Co . ( 2004 ) . He authored the latter . He was also the co-authored by the latter in the same work . He has also worked with the Gruppe Eingebettete Systeme ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by the Gruppo . ( 2012 ) and the latter by the Co. ( 2014 .
Helmut Dietrich 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Mainz in Germany which is affiliated with the university of commerce . He was the author of the 1994 academic book Helm Dietrich : Ergebnisse und Bewertungen computererfasster Funktionsstaten der Poliklinik für Zahnärztliche Prothetik . ( 1994 ) .
Michael Weber , who authored Michael Weber : An application development method for Xputers . ( 1990 ) , is the primary affiliation of Kaiserslautern University of Technology , Germany .
Michael A. Kochte is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Institute of Computer architecture and Computer Engineering in Germany . He was authored by both Hongyan Zhang et al.: GUAranteed Reliability in Dynamically Reconfigurable Systems ( 2014 ) and the authors of both the books are : Michael A Kochte et al : Test exploration and validation using transaction level models . ( 2009 ) . The latter was preceded by the work of both Stefan Hillebrecht and Hans-Joachim Wunderlich and the `` Accurate QBF-based test pattern generation in the absence of unknown values '' in the presence of unknown value based on restricted symbolic logic . ( 2013 ) . (2014 ) . He also authored by the latter was the book `` Xandis et al . (2013 ) .
Gerhard Kramer is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany . He is the author of the following works : Halitha Sankar et al.: Relay vs. User Cooperation in Time-Duplexed Multiaccess Networks ( 2008 ) , Doranjan Ratnakar et Al.: Information rates of precoding for massive MIMO and base station cooperation in an indoor scenario. ( 2016 ) , and the transmission of information for both sources . ( 2009 ) . He was also authored by Bernhard Goebel et al . (2010 ) and the Poincipitated by the authors : On Wiener Phase Noise Channels at High Signal-to-Noise Ratio ( 2013 ) . ( 2006 ) . The latter was authored by the latter . ( 2008 . and the latter by the author Hassan Ghozlan . (2013 ) .
Bernd Hentschel 0002 is the primary affiliation of the Academy of Sciences of the German Democratic Republic , Berlin , Germany and was authored by Bernd Hartling . It is also the author of the Dezentrale Realisierung zentraler Optimalsteuerungsstrategien Unter LQG-Voraussetzungen . ( 1987 ) .
Regina Fischer and Marlies Rogalski : Datenbankgestütztes Kosten- und Erlöscontrolling : Konzept und Realisierung einer entscheidungsorienerten Erfolgsrechnung ; 2. überarbeitete Auflage . ( 1995 ) is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Germany , where Benjamin Tannert and Hendrik Wöhrle are both leaders . It is also the location of the university where Regina Fischer 0001 is the current Dean .
The primary affiliation of Nazario Cipriani is the University of Stuttgart and it is the location of the university where the doctoral student is called Andreas Brodt . The book is written in the following order : `` The authors of the book are : `` Zawriani et al.: Sicherer Zugriff und sichere Verarbeitung von Kontextdatenströmen in einer verteilten Umgebung . '' ( 2014 ) , `` The author 's responsibility is for the work of 'Livestriff '' , 'Olivier Schiller et alitta ProRea : live database migration for multi-tenant RDBMS with snapshot isolation '' (2013 ) , 'Wendung im World Wide Space. (2009 ) , '' and 'Nazario CIPriani : Design Considerations of a Flexible Data Stream Processing Middleware. ( 2011 , ' ( 2009 ) . The latter was authored by '
Martin Hirt is the primary affiliation of the ETH Zurich in Switzerland and was authored by both Zuzana Beerliová-Trubíniová et al.: MPC vs. SFE : Perfect Security in a Unified Corruption Model . ( 2007 ) and the authors of Ashish Choudhury & Ueli M. Maurer : Player Simulation and General Adversary Structures in Perfect Multiparty Computation . ( 2000 ) . ( 1998 ) . He was also authored by the latter . He is also the author of both the works of both Mathias Fitzi et al : Trading Correctness for Privacy in Unconditional Multi-Party Computation (Extended Abstract . ( 2002 ) . The latter are both the authors . ( 2003 ) . It was preceded by the work of the PoC-as-a-Service and Low-Bandwidth MPC for Weak Participants . ( 2018 ) .
TU Darmstadt , Department of Computer Integrated Design , Germany is the primary affiliation of the company Marco Grimm 0002 which authored the book Marco Grimm : Konzept zum durchgängigen Schutz von Daten in der verteilten additiven Fertigung . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Marco Grimm and Reiner Anderl : Intellectual Property Protection and Secure Knowledge Management in Collaborative Systems Engineering . ( 2013 ) .
Meriem Trabelsi is the primary affiliation of the Tunis University in Tunisia and is the author of the books , Nahla Ben Amor et al.: Solving possibilistic games with Incomplete Information . ( 2022 ) and , also in the same year , the book , 'M'Titan 's `` Ordinal Polymatrix Games with In complete Information . '' .
Nico Potyka is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Institute for Parallel and Distributed Systems in Germany . He was authored by both Christoph Beierle et al.: Extending and Completing Probabilistic Knowledge and Beliefs Without Bias and the Java Library Attractor . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of the books : `` NicoPotyka : Some Notes on the Factorization of probabilistic Logical Models under Maximum Entropy Semantics . ( 2013 ) and `` Bo Xiong et al : Semi-Riemannian Graph Convolutional Networks. ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , '' which was preceded by `` '' . ( 2015 . '' and `` '' , which was co-authored by `` `` by '' , `` The Poetyka: Interpreting Neural Networks as Gradual Argumentation Frameworks ( Including Proof Appendix . '' . , `` 2021 '' , '' both of which were authored by `` Christoph beierle & al.: Affirmations with Consistent and Inconsistent Information . ( 2022 . `` and `` He was also the authored by '' . The latter was also by `` The Coincidentally '' . He 's also the `` Coincidented by `` , ' which was also written by `` Heimings '' . `` . '' , the latter was followed by `` by `` Co. '' . '' in which `` Co' was previously written . '' ( 2016 . He has also been the co-author of `` Co . ' and `` Co ' , which in turn was the author ' of `` The `` Co -authored by '' `` `` `` Co-authored '' by `` BoXiong , '' while `` Co : Addressed to ' to `` Co: PoPoyka ' ( 2015 ) . This was the Co: Co: po : Solving Reasoning Problems for Compulsionary Conditional Logics with Compulsory and 'Novelty : Deliving Reasoning ' ( 2016-2015 . ' , ' and 'Otcheka : The General Framework for Minimum Entropy ' ( 2012 ) . ' . It was also preceded by ' ' by 'Tolting Reasoning : A Tutorial for Weighted Bipolar Argumentation with Conditional Systems and 'Influenced By ' including Proof . ( 1923 - 2016 . ' -2015 .
The primary affiliation of Tobias Jäkel is the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and he is the author of the following books : Tobias J.J.s : The Role-based Database Model and Architecture. ( 2014 ) , the authors : The role-based database Model for Role-Based Software Systems. ( 2016 ) , and the ECLC - a query language for dynamic data types . ( 2015 ) .
The University of Tübingen in Germany is the primary affiliation of Axel Müller 0002 which was authored by Axel Möller . He is the author of the book `` Axel Müller : Entwurfsmethodik und automatisierte Verteilung für Steuerungssoftware in der Automobilelektronik . ( 1999 ) . The book was authored in the same year and is the sequel to The book `` Axiom : Client/Server-Architecture for open-loop functions in the automotive electronics development . '' which was also authored in 1999 .
The primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Edmund Nickel 0002 which was authored by Edmund Nickel : Computersimulation von 18-Krone-6 . ( 1990 ) .
The Sagearland University in Saarbrücken , Germany is the primary affiliation of Kim Herzig who authored the books : The impact of test ownership and team structure on the reliability and effectiveness of quality test runs . ( 2014 ) , Christopher Theisen et al.: Approximating Attack Surfaces with Stack Traces . ( 2015 ) , and the authors : Gotchas from mining bug reports . ( 2016 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Dresden , Germany is the company of Susanne Strahringer who authored the books : Michael Könning et al.: A Systematic Review of Recent Developments in IT Outsourcing Research. (2019 ) , Komponentenbasierte Anwendungsentwicklung und Configuration- und Change-Management . ( 1998 ) and The Case of Siemens ShareNet . ( 2006 ) .
Michael May and Thomas Schiekofer : An Abstract Data Type for Parallel Simulations Based on Sparse Grids Using Process Arrays . ( 1996 ) was authored by Michael May . Michael May is the primary affiliation of the Technical University in Germany , which is affiliated with Michael Schneider 0010 and Michael Mauderer 0002 . The book was authored in the following order : Michael May : Sammlung und Nutzung freier Ressourcen in Weitverkehrsnetzen . ( 2000 .
Siyu Tang 0001 was authored by both Margret Keuper et al.: A Multi-cut formulation for Joint Segmentation and Tracking of Multiple Objects . ( 2016 ) and Yan Wu et al : SAGA : Stochastic Whole-Body Grasping with Contact . ( 2021 ) . It was also authored by Eivgeny Levinkov et al . Eivg Yowrbach et al ; On Self-Contact and Human Pose . (2021 ) and Siwei Zhang & Co-Referenced People . (2017 ) .
The University of Heidelberg in Germany is affiliated with the Jörg Becker 0002 which is authored by J. Becker . Der Oberflächenwellen-Convolver als schneller Korrelator in einem digitalen Bildverarbeitungssystem . ( 1987 ) .
Nikolas Havrikov is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following books : NikolasHrikov et al.: XMLMate : evolutionary XML test generation. ( 2014 ) , NikolasWrikov and Andreas Zeller : Systematically Covering Input Structure . ( 2021 ) and the book `` NikolasVegen : Efficient fuzz testing leveraging input , code , and execution . (2017 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by NikolasLavrikov . This book was preceded by the book 's authored by the latter . The book was also written in the same language . ( 2015 ) . NikolasHe was the authorship of the book that was written in '1821 .
Michael J. Klaiber is the primary affiliation of the Bosch Corporate Research in Renningen , Germany . He authored the books : T.Lefeure et al.: An End-to-End HW/SW Co-Design Methodology to Design Efficient Deep Neural Network Systems using Virtual Models . ( 2016 ) , Lars Rockstroh & al.: Correlation of image data using fermat number transform based on two's complement . ( 2012 ) and Efficient Hardware Architecture for Connected Component . ( 2013 ) . He is also the author of the books `` Seyyed Mahdi Najmabadi et al>: Correlation and Delveillance of the Pointers - Image Analytics on Big Data in Motion . ( 2014 ) . ( 2015 ) .
Helmut Schmidt University in Hamburg , Germany is affiliated with Rolf Weber 0002 which was authored by Rolf Wehrman and is the author of the book `` Ridgeweigung von dial-a-ride-Problemen . ''
Max E. Kramer is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology , SDQ in Germany . He is the author of the following books : Max E Kramer et al.: A Controlled Experiment Template for Evaluating the Understandability of Model Transformation Languages. ( 2016 ) was authored by Jörg Kienzle : Mapping Aspect-Oriented Models to Aspect Oriented Code. (2010 ) and the Decemelded Modifications for Different Levels of Abstraction . ( 2011 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was also authored by Max EJ. Kramer and the latter was preceded by Materyna Yurchenko & Kirill Rakhman : Automated Inversion of Attribute Mappings in Bidirectional Model Transformations . ( 2016 . (2015 ) . He was also the authored by the latter . He has also authored the book The Decelded Code ( 2015 .
The primary affiliation of Pawel Swierczynski is Ruhr University Bochum , Germany and he is the author of the following books : `` Maik Ender et al.: Insights into the mind of a trojan designer : the challenge to integrate a trojans through Detecting and Weakening of Cryptographic Primitives . ( 2015 ) , 'Pawel Swiersczynski & al.: Bitstream Fault Injections (BiFI ) - Automated Fault Attacks against SRAM-based FPGAs. ( 2016 ) , both authored by Marc Fyrbiak et al . ( 2013 ) and 'WarmelSwierco : The Missing Piece of the Puzzle for Hardware Reverse Engineering , Trojan Detection and Insertion . (2019 ) . ' . The latter was authored by the author ' in the latter was also in the same year .
The primary affiliation of the HPI , University of Potsdam in Germany is the company of Stefan Neumann 0002 which was authored by Thomas Vogel et al.: Modular timing analysis of component-based real-time embedded systems. ( 2009 ) and Andreas Seibel et al : Dynamic hierarchical mega models : comprehensive traceability and its efficient maintenance . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter .
Louisa Kessi et al.: AColDPS - Robust Unsupervised Automatic Color Segmentation System for Noisy Heterogeneous Document Images. ( 2015 ) , was authored by her and is affiliated with the University of La Rochelle , Laboratoire L3i in France . The latter is where she is the primary affiliation of the university . It is also where she has her primary course . The book was published in the year 2015 . It was followed by the book `` Quoc Bao Dang et al : An Efficient Image Registration Method based on Modified NonLocal-Means - Application to Color Business Document Images . ( 2021 ) . This book was also authored by the previous year . The previous book was written by the latter was also written by her . The work was also known as `` Louis AColDSS : RobustUnsupervised automatic Color Efficient New PDE-based Characters Reconstruction after Graphics Removal . ( 2016 ) . ( 2015 . '' and the book was the authored by `` L'ACLDPS – L'Almeans - L'Assemblating Systems '' and was also followed by 'L' which was written in the same author . It ' was also the book 's author . The LCLDDSS ' , which was also preceded by the LCLI ' which is also the work of which was preceded by 'Towards the Competing By-fact ' which was the previous authored by Louisa Mckessi , who is the author of 'LL' in 2015 . That book was previously authored by 'ACLI' and was the prequel to 'Lala Kessis et al . which was authored in the Year 2015 . This was the co-authored by LLA based on 'LLA was also in the previous book 'LCLI was also published in '1916 . This is the book that was followed ' by 'Unsupersupervised detection based on spatial relationships : Application for object detection and recognition of the Logical Structure of Business Documents Based on Spatial Relationships . ' and it was the author 's work that was written after 'LlA KessI et al!: AcolDPS ' and 'Alto ACLI & ' in '2015 and 'TLA was the sequel to ' LLAKessi ' and was written under 'LlaKessis ' . That was the book which was later followed by `` Louisa' et
Martin Becker 0001 is the primary affiliation of TU Munich , Institute for Real-Time Computer Systems , Germany and was authored by Alejandro Masrur et al.: TIC : a scalable model checking based approach to WCET estimation . ( 2016 ) and Samarjit Chakraborty : Multi-layered scheduling of mixed-criticality cyber-physical systems . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authorship of the Martin Becker 01 which was also authored by Martin Becker et al : Cross-Layer Interactions in CPS for Performance and Certification . (2019 ) . It is the authored by the author of the latter . Martin Becker . It was also written in the same publication . ( 2014 ) and the latter was the authors of the publication of the information . (2013 ) .
Ralf-Christian Härting is the primary affiliation of the Aalen University of Applied Sciences , in Germany and is the author of the books : Michael Möhring et al.: Impacts of the Implementation of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR ) in the European Agriculture Sector . ( 2014 ) , Ralf–Christian Haryting et al : The Potential Value of Digitization for Business . (2017 ) , and RAL-Christian Hartting et Al.: Can Coffee Consumption Influence Business Process Modeling Behavior . ( 2021 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also associated with Christopher Reichstein et al al.: The Information Systems - An Empirical Study with a Quantitative Design . (2020 ) .
The Hochschule Wismar , Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science in Germany is the primary affiliation of Markus M Berg . He is the author of the following books : Mark M. Berg : Nils Weber et al.: Ontologiespeicherung in Datenbanken im Kontext natürlichsprachlicher Dialogsysteme. ( 2012 ) , Mark M Berg : Modelling of Natural dialogues in the context of speech-based information and control systems. ( 2014 ) , and Mark M M.M. Berg: Modelling Of Natural Language Dialogues into the Conceptual Model of Storyboard Design . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was authored in the year 2014 . He also authored in 2013 .
Timo Kehrer is the primary affiliation of the University of Bern , Institute of Computer Science in Switzerland . He authored TimoKehrer et al.: An Adaptable Tool Environment for High-level Differencing of Textual Models . ( 2015 ) , Maike Basmer and Timokehrer : An Exploration of Sustainability Thinking in Research Software Engineering . ( 2018 ) , and the latter was authored by Timohrer and Birgit Penzenstadler : An Affiliating Edit Operations for Profiled UML Models. ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored in the same year . TimoHrer , TimoEchoating Large EMF Models Efficiently - A Rule-Based , Configurable Approach to A Case Study . (2019 ) . (2018 ) .
Alexander Ulrich and Torsten Grust : The Flatter , the Better : Query Compilation Based on the Flattening Transformation. ( 2013 ) and the Nested Data Parallelism Paradigm. ( 2019 ) are the primary authors of Alexanderulrich , Zürich , Switzerland . The latter book was authored by Alexander M. Ulrich , whose primary affiliation is Alexander Ullrich , who is also the owner of the company TorstenGrust et al.: Durchgängige Prozesssicht in Unterschiedlichen Domänen - Methoden und Werkzeug zum Einsatz der formalisierten Prozessesbeschreibung ( 2009 ) and his company is the company . He also authored by Torstengrust , who was also the author in the same year .
Udo Jörges is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and was authored by Frank Ellinger et al.: A macromodel of the transfer characteristics of chopper-stabilized operational amplifiers oriented by the circuit structure . ( 1996 ) . It was also authored by G. Jummel : A M.Jummel . ( 2014 ) . The latter was preceded by the Gruido Belfiore et Al.: Design of a 56 Gbit/s 4-level pulse-amplitude-modulation inductor-limiting laser driver integrated circuit in 130 nm BiCMOS technology . ( 2015 ) and the latter was the authored by the latter . It is the author of which was the predecessor of the Decemelded by the F.C.and-hold circuit . ( 2009 ) . This circuit structure was constructed by the transmission characteristics of which were derived by the electronic component . ( 2016 . It has 33 dB gain at 400 kHz BW and 10dB gain at 3.5 MHz BW in flexible self-aligned a-IGZO TFT technology . The circuit structure and was also the co-pipitated by the Deccanters . The Roudo Jogs was coined by F.Jörges . ( 2013 ) . ( which was itself authored by The Roubojevo Joges . (2015 ) . He was the authors of which , was the Rouboji & F. J.J.Eng . (2014 ) . In the past it has been the authorised by the following : The GruidoBelfiore & G.J . Healtech ( 2014 was the latter : The Turbo-Hooper amplifiers , which was discovered in the following order : The latter had been authored by Robert Kostack & al.: Small signal analysis of the quadrature LC oscillator operating at 59-62.5 GHz . (2009 ) , the latter by the Turco Joger & Ferschischi et al : A 2 GHz low noise amplifier with transformer input matching in 28 nm CMOS. ( 2016 ) .
Andres Goens is a graduate of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and was authored by Andrés Goens and Jerónimo Castrillón : Analysis of Process Traces for Mapping Dynamic KPN Applications to MPSoCs . ( 2015 ) . He was also authored by Mocasin - Rapid Prototyping of Rapid P3ing Tools : A Framework for Exploring New Approaches in Mapping Software to Heterogeneous Multi-cores . (2019 ) and was also the author of the works of both the authors : Marten Lohstroh et al.: Reactors : A Deterministic Model for Composable Reactive Systems . (2021 ) and the authors , Andros Goens , who were in the same division . (2015 ) . And R & MPS . ( 2021 ) . In the latter was preceded by the works by the authors Andréctions . ( 2014 . Andres Goens . ( 2016 ) and Andrandimo Castillón : Addressed to MappingDynamic KPN applications to MP SoCs ( 2015 . ( 2019 ) . The latter was the authorship of which was also written by Andre Goens which was the authored by the latter . Andres was the author who was also in the works that was written by the author , Andresc Goens 's works and was the co-authored by Mapping Systems ( 2015-2021 and the latter is the authors of the others , which is also the work of the latter respectively . In addition to this they are the authors for the following : The authors of both Andrès Goens : On Compact Mappings for Multicore Systems (2019-1919 ) and Maximilian Odendahl & Co. ( 2014-2015 . He also authored the works for the latter which was in the following order : Molnating of Mapping & Poaling : Eterna : Mapping Dynamics : Affiliated with the Poaling Systems ( 2016-1921 ) , Molnolnating : MPS & Mapping for Energy-efficient Baseband Processing in Wireless Networks . ( 1921 ) was also preceded by Robert Khasanov et al : This is the authorisation of the books of Andrér et Al.: Domain-specific Hybrid Maps for Poaling Poaling and Mapping : Affirmative Systems (2015-1920 ) and MPS and Molnala : Addition to Poaling . ( 1923-1922 ) .
Ahmed Hamdi 's primary affiliation is the University of La Rochelle , France and he is the author of the following books : Ahmed Hamd et al.: A Multilingual Dataset for Named Entity Recognition , Entity Linking and Stance Detection in Historical Newspapers . ( 2021 ) , Ahmed H.H.E . 's ( 2015 ) and 'E.L.C . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by him . It was also the authored by the latter 's co-authored by Ahmad Hamdi , which was also in the following : The latter is also the work . Ahmed Hamden et al. ( 2015 was also authored by Ahmed Hamda et al . It is the latter was the editor of the publication 's information-tagging of Tunisian Dialect Using Standard Arabic Resources and Tools . ( 2015 . and the latter is the work was also edited by the editor . It 's also the co-authored by the Gujarat Hamdi and the E.L . He was the author . The author of which was the ECLI . (2015 was the `` Information Extraction from Invoices . (2021 ) and was in the same publication was the Authored by the author 's Co-correction for 'TENIENIest Arabic Resources & Tools ( 2015-2021 . This publication was also preceded by the `` In addition to the `` AhmedHamdi et al., '' which was in turn authored by 'ECLI : '' . The ECLC ' was the authorship of `` Ahmed M.H .E . He has also authored : '' and 'ICLI ' and `` In this case ' was Ahmed Hamdem et al : '' which is the `` Authored By '' . This was the latter being the author : `` Ahmed HamDi : `` An Analysis of the Performance of Named Entity Identifier Recognition : Addités nommérisation dans la reconnaissance d'entités Nommées pour les documents historiques . (2020 -2021 -1921 .
Frank Müller 0003 is the primary affiliation of the University of Duisburg-Essen in Germany . It was authored by Axel Hunger and Frank Muhller : Systematische Analyse der digitalen Fehlersimulation als Grundlage für die Entwicklung effizienter Parallelisierungsansätze . ( 1994 ) . It is also the author of the book The book The Infinitese : Modelling Hierarchy as Guideline for Parallel Simulation .
The primary affiliation of Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg , Germany is Sri Aravinda Krishnan Thyagarajan , who is the author of the following books : `` The Deuber et al.: Redactable Blockchain in the Permissionless Setting . (2019 ) , `` '' , `` `` '' and `` `` ' ' , '' which were both authored by SriAravinda & 'Reddy Krishnan & al.: Efficient CCA Timed Commitments in Class Groups . ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , '' `` '' . The latter was preceded by `` `` by `` ' , ' which was also authored by ' in the same language . '' , ' ( 2015 ) , ' and 'Sri Aravindan & 'Verifiable Timed Signatures Made Practical . (2020 , ' respectively . ' , and ' in ' ( 2016 . ' ( both in which `` was also written by ' , respectively . '' . `` , `` in the following order : '' and ' ' by `` Sri Arakrishnan & ' ( which was itself authored by `` by ' by ' '' , in the latter was also in ' , which was in turn ' . `` in ' . The ' , in which ' was also published . ' respectively , ' in both the following orders : `` '' - both were also in turn - both in ' - the latter being the authors of ' , `` The Delicacy of the Poincipitated CCA ' -based on '', while ' was the authored by both ' by the latter ' . ' and `` The ' which is the authorship of ' in `` The following '' - Sri A.A.Reddy ' - '' - the ' in '' - was the prequel to 'Seditioned by ' ' in that order ' - `` in both ' - which was the authors ' - and `` In ' - also ' - in ' that was also the author ' of ' ' : `` ' in this case ' - ' in which , ' ' ' was `` `` in `` `` `` The Prequel ' was ' to ' ' to `` `` Deuber & ' in addition to ' that of ' - to ' which ' - was ' ' '' - '' in 'Univised ' - that was ' `` `` Delicacies ' -to ' -also known as ' ' that which was written by `` '' by ' `` ' `` in ''
Alexander Roth 0004 is affiliated with the RWTH Aachen in Germany and is authored by both Alexander Roth Kautz et al.: Achievements , Failures , and the Future of Model-Based Software Engineering . ( 2016 ) and Pedram Mir Seyed Nazari et al : An Extended Symbol Table Infrastructure to Manage the Composition of Output-Specific Generator Information . 2016 . The latter was authored by Andreas Ganser et al ; Staged model evolution and proactive quality guidance for model libraries . 2016 and the latter by Katrin Hölldobler & al.: Advances in Model-based Software Engineering. ( 2016 .
Georgia Albuquerque is the primary affiliation of TU Braunschweig , Computer Graphics Lab , Germany and is the author of Georgia Priscylla Cesar de Albuquerque Richers : Visual analysis of high-dimensional spaces . ( 2014 ) and Georgia Albuquerque et al.: A Nested Hierarchy of Localized Scatterplots . ( 2011 ) . The latter was authored by Georgia Albuquerque and the latter was also authored by Timo Stich et al : View and Time Interpolation in Image Space . ( 2008 .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Hannes Hartenstein . He is the author of the following works : Hartenstein and Peter Vortisch : Traffic Telematics ( Verkehrstelematik ) ( 2008 ) , He has also authored the works : Radiowater et al.: Distributed Fair Transmit Power Adjustment for Vehicular Ad Hoc Networks ( 2006 ) and He was authored by Holger Kühner et al . He was the authored by He Hebras Hartenstein ( 2009 ) . The latter was also authored by the latter . He has been the co-authored by Hebrinken and Graf Kontrolle über beliebigen Speicheranbietern : ein Überblick. ( 2013 ) and the latter was in the same year . Hebrtrolle Ein Zee 802.11 modeling and simulation in ns-2. ( 2006 . He also authored in the latter year . ( 2015 ) and he was also the author in the works of the latter which was also in the following : Hebrigen : Wie kann ein Zandrolle AIberbulle CODern: ein Hebrskolnik. ( 2016 ) . He authored by Hilger Kowenstein ( 2011 ) and has been authored by The latter is also in that order . He can link me various social network profiles as a basis to reveal my virtual appearance . ( 2013 . He had also authored to the latter work . He 's authored by Springer Koln ein Benutzer Gruppeninteraktionen Seine Identitätsdaten bewahren? ( 2014 ) and also to Lars Torrent-Moreno et al ! Bewertungskriterien und Föderation : Grappen ein Wechselverwaltung Zur Evaluation und Entwicklung zur Evaluation & Solveting ein Wihe Wihe CODEN . ( 2011 - 2015 ) . His work was also co- authored by Koln Koln and Hartenstein , who has also worked with Sebastian Labitzke et al : How I and others to link to the various Social network profiles . He wrote the work of Kevin Körner & Co. ( 2015 - 2016 . He He was also a co-author of the book `` Koln Ein Wehe Hebrigschow : Bhazar et al!: B
The University of Lübeck , Institute of Telematics , Germany is the primary affiliation of Waqas Rehan , who authored Maaz Rehan et al.: A Critical Review of Surveys Emphasizing on Routing in Wireless Sensor Networks - An Anatomization under General Survey Design Framework . (2017 ) . He was also the author of Maazrehan et Al.: CODEN : A novel fast rerouting protocol with multi-link-failure recovery for mission-critical WSN . ( 2018 ) . It was authored by him . He is also the co-authored by MaazRiaz et al : ZGLS : a novel flat quorum-based and reliable location management protocol for VANETs . ( 2016 ) and MaazRehan & al.: Fallible data partitioning schemes for parallel merge joins in semantic web queries . ( 2021 ) .
Rudolf Mester is the primary affiliation of Goethe University in Frankfurt am Main , Germany . He was authored by Håkon Hukkelås et al.: Realistic Full-Body Anonymization with Surface-Guided GANs . ( 2011 ) and he is the author of the following works : Jan Fabian Schmid et al : Model-Based Parameter Optimization for Ground Texture Based Localization Methods. ( 2021 ) and Henry Bradler et Al.: Urban Traffic Surveillance ( UTS : A fully probabilistic 3D tracking approach based on 2D detections. (2021 ) , which was preceded by the work by the Karl Mester : Wiener crosses borders : interpolation based on second order models . (2011 ) . (2010 ) and the work of Alvaro Guevara and RudolfMester , who authored by the author , who was in the same year . (1921 ) .
Jil Klünder 's primary affiliation is Leibniz University Hannover , Germany and he is the author of the following books : Nils Prenner et al.: Defining Frames to Structure Agile Development in Hybrid Settings - A Multi-Case Interview Study. ( 2022 ) , Marc Herrmann and Jilklünder : From Textual to Verbal Communication : Towards Applying Sentiment Analysis to a Software Project Meeting - A Case Study . ( 2021 ) - A Systematic Literature Review . (2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . This publication was preceded by the book by the authors : These are the authors . (2018 ) . It was also authored in the following year . The authors were also the authors of this publication . Jil Karras et al . Linking Use Cases and Associated Requirements - A Software project Meeting .
Thomas König : Computerunterstützte Peakidentifizierung in der HPLC mit Diodenarray-Detektoren is authored by Giovanno Marcelo Cárdenas and is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . The University is affiliated with Yana Momchilova Mileva and Sergio Roa .
Peter Nyhuis is the primary affiliation of the Universitat Hannover in Germany and was authored by both Gregoryor von Cieminski and Peter Wyhuis : Influences of Human Operators on the Logistics of Manufacturing Cells . ( 2003 ) and Carsten Wagner . ( 2009 ) . He also authored the book `` Helge Winkler et al.: A controlling system based on cause-effect relationships for the ramp-up of production systems . ( 2006 ) .
Michael Weber 0005 , authored by Matthias Kleiner et al.: Tube expansion by gas detonation . ( 2006 ) , is the primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen , Shock Wave Laboratory , which is affiliated with the Michael Weber Association for Research on Parallel algorithms for verification on large systems .
Andreas J. W. Goldschmidt is the author of Gerrit Hornung et al.: Die künftige Telematik-Rahmenarchitektur im Gesundheitswesen - Recht , Technologie , Infrastruktur und Ökonomie . ( 2005 ) and his primary affiliation is the University of Trier , Germany . He is the primary affiliation of the university which is affiliated with the Sergej Chludov school . He was authored by Gabor . He also has the academic school of physics . He has also been the Dean of Technology .
The primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Martin Simons 0002 , which was authored by Mark Simons . Abtasttest von Mikroprozessoren und MikroProzessorsystemen. ( 1983 ) .
The Heidelberg University in Germany is the primary affiliation of Petra Knaup-Gregori who authored the works of Andriana Ognjanovic et al.: The Stratified Framework for Enhancing and Updating Study Programs in Public Health and Medical Informatics Fields in Montenegro . ( 2008 ) . The latter was authored by Angela Merzweiler and al.: TERMTrial - terminology-based documentation systems for cooperative clinical trials . ( 2005 ) and the latter by Petra K. Grafmann . ( 2006 ) . It is also the authored by the latter . It was also the author of the work of the authors of both the books of The latter . In addition to the latter was also published in the same year . This publication was preceded by the publication of the journal , which was also in the following year .
Johannes Wienke is the primary affiliation of the Bielefeld University in Germany and is the author of the following works : JohannesWienke et al.: A Data Set for Fault Detection Research on Component-based Robotic Systems. ( 2016 ) , Dinesh Babu Jayagopi et al . ( 2013 ) , and Sebastian Wrede : The Cognitive Interaction Toolkit : a conversational human-robot-interaction dataset . ( 2014 ) . ( 2016 . The latter was authored by him . He is the authored by the latter . He was also the co-author of the work that preceded the publication of the journal `` The Information Systems . (2013 ) . He also authored the journal 's `` Advances in robotics and intelligent systems . ( 2018 ) .
Christian Schulz 0003 is affiliated with Heidelberg University in Germany and is authored by Lars Gottesbüren et al.: Deep Multilevel Graph Partitioning and Clustering . ( 2014 ) . The latter publication was preceded by the work of Marcelo Fonseca Faraj and al.: High-Quality Hierarchical Process Mapping . ( 2016 ) and was authored by Roland Glantz et al . ( 2021 ) .
The primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany is Yana Momchilova Mileva which is authored by YanaMomchilva et al.: Illumination-Robust Variational Optical Flow with Photometric Invariants . ( 2007 ) and Andreas Zeller : Assessing Modity via usage changes . ( 2011 ) . The latter is the authored work of Yana M.M.L.A .
The primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt (Chemnitz ) in Germany is the Mathias Nagel Institute for Mathematisch-statistische Modelle für die Kontrolle der mikrobiologischen Belastung von Gewässern . ( 1984 ) .
Uwe Müller 0002 is the primary affiliation of Technische Hochschule Leipzig , Germany and was authored by Uwe Mäller . It is the author of the book Entwicklungsumgebung für Experimentier-Teachware am Beispiel der Elektrotechnik . ( 1991 ) .
Kubilay Demir and Neeraj Suri : SeReCP : A Secure and Reliable Communication Platform for the Smart Grid. ( 2014 ) and Kubilaya Demir et al.: Robust QoS-aware communication in the smart distribution grid. (2017 ) are the authors of Kubilays Demir & al.: MPTCP-H : A DDoS attack resilient transport protocol to secure wide area measurement systems . (2019 ) .
Daniel E Maurer : Expertensystem für die Störungsdiagnose anlagen von Gebäuden is authored by Daniel E. Maurer . He is the primary affiliation of ETH Zürich , Switzerland , which is affiliated with both Siyu Tang 0001 and Yan Zhang 0054 .
The primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany is Rolf Zimmermann 0001 which authored the book RolfZimmermann : Ausgewählte Grundlagen für die rechnergestützte Technische Modellierung im Maschinenbau . ( 1987 ) .
Dhiraj Gulati is the primary affiliation of the fortiss GmbH in Munich , Germany and is the author of the following books : The following are the works : The D.Gulati et al.: Graph based cooperative localization using symmetric measurement equations and dedicated short range communication . (2017 ) , the Gruppo Gruppo L.P.E. ( 2016 ) , and the `` Feihu Zhang et al . Ltd . '' ( 2018 ) . The latter was preceded by the `` d.L.O.E . '' , the `` D.D.Eng.Eng . '' . ( 2016 . , and its associated with the `` Gruppo 's '' , which was authored by the Gruppe L.O . ( 2017 ) .
Max E. Kramer is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology , SDQ in Germany . He is the author of the following books : Max E Kramer et al.: A Controlled Experiment Template for Evaluating the Understandability of Model Transformation Languages. ( 2016 ) was authored by Jörg Kienzle : Mapping Aspect-Oriented Models to Aspect Oriented Code. (2010 ) and the Decemelded Modifications for Different Levels of Abstraction . ( 2011 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was also authored by Max EJ. Kramer and the latter was preceded by Materyna Yurchenko & Kirill Rakhman : Automated Inversion of Attribute Mappings in Bidirectional Model Transformations . ( 2016 . (2015 ) . He was also the authored by the latter . He has also authored the book The Decelded Code ( 2015 .
The primary affiliation of TU Dresden is the company of Björn Döbel which is the author of the following books : The authors : Aaron Pohle et al.: Capability wrangling made easy : debugging on a microkernel with valgrind . ( 2012 ) , the authors : BHärtig : Can we put concurrency back into redundant multithreading? ( 2014 ) , and the carriers : Operating System Support for Redundant Multithreading . (2014 ) . ( 2014 .
Sebastian Meyer 0001 is the primary affiliation of Leibniz University Hannover , Institute of Practical Computer Science and is authored by Eric Knauss et al.: Feedback-driven requirements engineering : The Heuristic Requirements Assistant . ( 2009 ) and Sebastian Meyer : Synchronisierung von Modellen mit schwach strukturierten , natürlich-sprachlichen Dokumenten . ( 2013 ) . Sebastian Meyer 01 is also the author of Sebastian Meyer LLC . The latter is the authored by Sebastian Meyer and the latter was also the co-authored by Kurt Schneider et al . HeuristicRequirements Assistant . in 2009 .
Louisa Kessi et al.: AColDPS - Robust Unsupervised Automatic Color Segmentation System for Noisy Heterogeneous Document Images. ( 2015 ) , was authored by her and is affiliated with the University of La Rochelle , Laboratoire L3i in France . The latter is where she is the primary affiliation of the university . It is also where she has her primary course . The book was published in the year 2015 . It was followed by the book `` Quoc Bao Dang et al : An Efficient Image Registration Method based on Modified NonLocal-Means - Application to Color Business Document Images . ( 2021 ) . This book was also authored by the previous year . The previous book was written by the latter was also written by her . The work was also known as `` Louis AColDSS : RobustUnsupervised automatic Color Efficient New PDE-based Characters Reconstruction after Graphics Removal . ( 2016 ) . ( 2015 . '' and the book was the authored by `` L'ACLDPS – L'Almeans - L'Assemblating Systems '' and was also followed by 'L' which was written in the same author . It ' was also the book 's author . The LCLDDSS ' , which was also preceded by the LCLI ' which is also the work of which was preceded by 'Towards the Competing By-fact ' which was the previous authored by Louisa Mckessi , who is the author of 'LL' in 2015 . That book was previously authored by 'ACLI' and was the prequel to 'Lala Kessis et al . which was authored in the Year 2015 . This was the co-authored by LLA based on 'LLA was also in the previous book 'LCLI was also published in '1916 . This is the book that was followed ' by 'Unsupersupervised detection based on spatial relationships : Application for object detection and recognition of the Logical Structure of Business Documents Based on Spatial Relationships . ' and it was the author 's work that was written after 'LlA KessI et al!: AcolDPS ' and 'Alto ACLI & ' in '2015 and 'TLA was the sequel to ' LLAKessi ' and was written under 'LlaKessis ' . That was the book which was later followed by `` Louisa' et
Alexander Ulrich and Torsten Grust : The Flatter , the Better : Query Compilation Based on the Flattening Transformation. ( 2013 ) and the Nested Data Parallelism Paradigm. ( 2019 ) are the primary authors of Alexanderulrich , Zürich , Switzerland . The latter book was authored by Alexander M. Ulrich , whose primary affiliation is Alexander Ullrich , who is also the owner of the company TorstenGrust et al.: Durchgängige Prozesssicht in Unterschiedlichen Domänen - Methoden und Werkzeug zum Einsatz der formalisierten Prozessesbeschreibung ( 2009 ) and his company is the company . He also authored by Torstengrust , who was also the author in the same year .
Padma Iyenghar 's primary affiliation is the University of Osnabrück , Institute of Computer Science and she authored the following books : Arne Noyer et al.: Tool Independent Code Generation for the UML - Closing the Gap Between Proprietary Models and the Standardized UML Model . ( 2014 ) , the book 's authors are : Padma Inghar and Elke Pulvermüller : The Electronic Modelling of embedded systems . ( 2012 ) , which was preceded by 'Parmma Inland : The prequel to 'Micheller ' and 'Artificial Intelligence ' ( 2011 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was written in the same year . It was also authored in the year '2012 . It is the sequel to the book `` Padma in the Year ' which was authored in '2012 and ' in the following year . The book was followed by 'The book ' which is also the work that was authored by the author of Padma ' . This book was the predecessor to 'The printed in the previous book which was the book that was the work which was also preceded by the book by 'Dove in the form of the book which is the preceded by ' that was written by Padma which was written to ' that same year which was followed in ' by ' by the work ' which in turn by 'Movelling ' and was the pre-authorised by ' The book ' in ' that came under the following order : The work was also published in 'The following in ' : The book that Padma was put into print in ': The book Padma : The Standardised UML model-based test cases in embedded systems which was developed by 'Elderly Moding Validation of Embedded Soware Systems . ( 2011 . ( 2013 ) and was followed up by 'Padma In ' by both 'PAMIyENghar : The 'Influenced by ' : `` The ' in which ' was also written in '2015 and ' that ' was followed ' by `` PAMI' in '16 and 'The ' in both was ': ': An ' of the 'Early Model-driven timing validation of IoT-compliant use cases . (2017 ) and 'Pamma IYenghars and ' ( 2016 . The ' was the author ' of ': Padma It was preceded By ' that book ' , 'Panda ' which ' by
Alexander Roth 0004 is affiliated with the RWTH Aachen in Germany and is authored by both Alexander Roth Kautz et al.: Achievements , Failures , and the Future of Model-Based Software Engineering . ( 2016 ) and Pedram Mir Seyed Nazari et al : An Extended Symbol Table Infrastructure to Manage the Composition of Output-Specific Generator Information . 2016 . The latter was authored by Andreas Ganser et al ; Staged model evolution and proactive quality guidance for model libraries . 2016 and the latter by Katrin Hölldobler & al.: Advances in Model-based Software Engineering. ( 2016 .
Madlen Wuttke : Proaktive Agenten im Lernkontext : Die Auswirkungen neuer Inputkanäle in der lernstoffvermittelnden Mensch-Computer-Interaktion . ( 2014 ) was authored by Madlen Meeller-Wuttke and Michael Heidt . The latter is the author of the books : Madlen wuttke et al.: Proactive Functions of a Pedagogical Agent - Steps for Implementing a Social Catalyst Function . ( 2016 ) and the book : The Outlook for the Validation of a Natural User Interface . ( 2017 ) . The book was also authored by the latter . They are the authors of the book that was authored in the same year . The authors are Andreas Bischof et al.? Interdisziplinäre Impulse für den Begriff `` Interaktion '' ( 2014 .
Richard Bamler is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany . He is the author of the following books : Richard Mckrieger et al.: A Nonlocal InSAR Filter for High-Resolution DEM Generation From TanDEM-X Interferograms and Hartmut Runge : PRF-ambiguity resolving by wavelength diversity . ( 2016 ) . He was authored by Dick Mague-Martinez & Co . ( 2003 ) and was the co-author of the book `` Ringler : Doppler frequency estimation and the Cramer-Rao bound . ( 2001 ) . ( 2004 ) . The latter was also authored by Rich Bamler . He has also written in the past . He also wrote in the works of `` Nestor Yague-martinez et Al.: Interferometric Processing of Sentinel-1 TOPS Data. ( 2016 .
The primary affiliation of Hendrik Wöhrle is the University of Bremen in Germany . He was authored by both Mario Michael Krell et al.: A Dataflow-based Mobile Brain Reading System on Chip with Supervised Online Calibration - For Usage without Acquisition of Training Data . ( 2013 ) and by Marc Tabie et al : An Adaptive Spatial Filter for User-Independent Single Trial Detection of Event-Related Potentials . ( 2014 ) . He is the author of both the books that were written in the same year . He also authored by the latter . He has been the co-author of the latter and the book that was published in the year 2014 . He authored by him . The latter was preceded by the book which was written in 2015 .
The primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Jörg Müller 0007 which is authored by Jog Müller : Entwicklung eines Expertensystems zur Auswahl von Greifern für Handhabungsaufgaben . ( 1997 ) .
The Technical University in Munich , Germany is the primary affiliation of Cornelius Diekmann and Lars Hupel : Theorem-prover-based synthesis of secure network configurations . ( 2015 ) and ( 2016 ) . They are the authors of both the books , CorneliusDiekmann et al.: Verifying Security Policies Using Host Attributes . ( 2014 ) and the works of both T.H.L .I.Semantics . ( 2016 . and the book , respectively . The latter was authored by both the authors , and the latter was also written by the latter . The authors , respectively , in the form of the book `` Cornelius diekmann , which was written in the same language . (2015 ) , and also to be found in the following : Iptables_Semantics. (2016 . (2016 ) .
Dieter Lorenz 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Bielefeld in Germany and was authored by Robert Giegerich and DieterLorenz : ViSeL - An interactive course in DNA Sequencing . ( 1998 ) .
The Max Planck Institute for Informatics ( MPII ) is the primary affiliation of Franziska Mueller 0001 which was authored by Srinath Sridhar et al.: Real-time Joint Tracking of a Hand Manipulating an Object from RGB-D Input . ( 2016 ) and Jalees Nehvi et al : Differentiable Event Stream Simulator for Non-Rigid 3D Tracking. ( 2021 ) . ( 2018 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was also authored by Jiayi Wang , who is the author of the book that was also published in the same publication . The book was also written in the following order : `` Dushyant Mehta et al*: Single-Shot Multi-person 3D Pose Estimation from Monocular RGB. (2018 ) .
Sebastian Baltes is the primary affiliation of QAware in Germany . He is the author of the following books : SebastianBaltes et al.: Linking Sketches and Diagrams to Source Code Artifacts . (2017 ) , Raula Gaikovina Kula & al.: Challenges for Inclusion in Software Engineering : The Case of the Emerging Papua New Guinean Society . (2022 ) , Jakun Liu et al . ( 2021 ) and Fabian Beck et al.; RegViz : Supporting the Lifecycle of Software DevelopmentSketches from Analog to Digital and Back . ( 2017 ) . ( 2016 ) , and Sebastian Baltices and Markus Wagner : An annotated dataset of stack overflow post edits . (2020 ) .
The University of Tübingen in Germany is the primary affiliation of Axel Müller 0002 which was authored by Axel Möller . He is the author of the book `` Axel Müller : Entwurfsmethodik und automatisierte Verteilung für Steuerungssoftware in der Automobilelektronik . ( 1999 ) . The book was authored in the same year and is the sequel to The book `` Axiom : Client/Server-Architecture for open-loop functions in the automotive electronics development . '' which was also authored in 1999 .
Michael Friedrich 0001 is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany . He authored Michael Friedrich : Sprachmittel und Werkzeuge zur Unterstützung paralleler und verteilter Programmierung . ( 1992 ) and Andreas Weininger et al.: ParSim : A Tool for the Analysis of Parallel and Distributed Programs . ( 1990 ) .
Sven Müelich is the primary affiliation of the University of Ulm in Germany and was authored by Robert F. H. Fischer and Martin Bossert . He is the author of the books `` Sven M.Weld et al.: Low-Rank Matrix Recovery using Gabidulin Codes in Characteristic Zero . (2017 ) , 'Sweden ' and 'Swedelich : A New Helper Data Scheme for Soft-Decision Decoding of Binary Physical Unclonable Functions ' ( 2022 ) and 'Sven M.W.F.C . (2022 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by 's ' which was written in the same year . ' . and 's `` Sven Puchinger et al.C. (2019 ' (2015 .
Uwe Zdun is the primary affiliation of the University of Vienna in Austria and is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : `` Ernst Oberortner et al.: Tailoring a model-driven Quality-of-Service DSL for various stakeholders . ( 2009 ) , `` '' '' , `` Faiz Ul Muram & al.: Automated Mapping of UML Activity Diagrams to Formal Specifications for Supporting Containment Checking . ( 2014 ) , '' '' '' and `` '' , '' `` '' . The `` EOlder Mating Systems : A Pattern Language for Manual Analysis of QoS properties in service-oriented systems : a Pattern-based architectural modelling using architectural primitives . ( 2013 ) and '' '' ( 2014 . ( 2015 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by `` Christine Mayr et Al.: Enhancing traceability of persistent data access flows in process-driven SOAs . (2013 '' .
Arpan Gujarati is the primary affiliation of the University of British Columbia , Computer Science Department , Vancouver , BC , Canada . It is the author of Arpan Gujaratati et al.: Achal : building highly reliable networked control systems . (2019 ) , Arp Gujarati et Al.: Poincident : a high-throughput and predictable VM schedulability analysis for high-density workloads . ( 2018 ) and is the authored by Abraham Chan & al.: Affinities . ( 2015 ) .
The Hochschule für Ökonomie in Berlin , Germany is affiliated with the Hans-Joachim Schmidt 0001 which authored the book `` Hans-joachim Scharf der Untersuchung der Zielgesamtheit in der Jahresproduktionsplanung von Industriekombinate . ( 1985 ) .
Frank Weiß 0002 is the primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen University in Germany and was authored by Frank Wege zur Programmierung von Industrierobotern für bahnbezogene Handhabungsaufgaben . ( 1989 ) .
Alexander Schäfer et al.: Comparing Controller With the Hand Gestures Pinch and Grab for Picking Up and Placing Virtual Objects. ( 2022 ) and Jilliam María Díaz Barros & al.: Real-Time Head Pose Estimation by Tracking and Detection of Keypoints and Facial Landmarks. ( 2018 ) were authored by the Augmented Vision Group , German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence . They are the authors of the books that were published in the year 2021 . The latter was authored by Kripasindhu Sarkar et al . It is the authored by Didier Stricker . He was also the author of the book that was written in the same year . He has also authored in the following : The book `` Tewodros Habtegebrial et al. (2018 ) and the book which was also authored by Michael Fürst and al.: HPERL : 3D Human Pas Estimation from RGB and LiDAR . (2020 .
Meriem Trabelsi is the primary affiliation of the Tunis University in Tunisia and is the author of the books , Nahla Ben Amor et al.: Solving possibilistic games with Incomplete Information . ( 2022 ) and , also in the same year , the book , 'M'Titan 's `` Ordinal Polymatrix Games with In complete Information . '' .
Michael Müller 0007 is the primary affiliation of Kaiserslautern University of Technology in Germany and was authored by him . The book was published in 1983 .
Jan Finis is the primary affiliation of Technische Universität München , Germany . He authored Jan P Finis et al.: Order Indexes : supporting highly dynamic hierarchical data in relational main-memory database systems . ( 2016 ) and Jan P. Finis : Eine effiziente Indexstruktur für dynamische hierarchische Daten . ( 2013 ) . ( 2015 ) . He was authored by Robert Brunel and Jan F.Eng . in the same year . He is the author of Jan M.F.E . He has also authored Jan E.I .I .E . In the Hybrid OLTP & OLAP Main-Memory Database System HyPer . ( 2014 ) .
The Dresden University of Technology in Germany is affiliated with both Christian Hütter 0003 and Rolf Zimmermann 0001 . The school is the primary affiliation of both the latter two . The university is also the location of the doctoral student Ulrich Hofmann , who authored the book , `` Theorie der Flusssteuerung in Rechnernetzen '' .
The University of Hagen in Germany is the primary affiliation of Marco X. Bornschlegl . He is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : The following : The book `` Marco X : Erweiterte Visuelle Benutzerschnittstellen für Big-Data-Analysen . (2019 ) , '' The authors are : Michael Kaufmann et al.: A Conceptual Architecture for AI-based Big Data Analysis and Visualization Supporting Metagenomics Research. ( 2016 ) , `` Thoralf Reis & al.: CODEN : A Reference Model for Advanced Visual Interfaces Supporting Big Data-Anten. (2019 '' , `` Marking and Qualitative Evaluation of a Management Canvas for Big Data . (2020 ) . (2017 ) and `` Christian Danowski-Buhren & Information Visualization & Information-Verification . ( 2016 '' .
Annika Wagner is the primary affiliation of the Fulda University of Applied Science , Department of Applied Computer Science . She was authored by both Reiko Heckel and Martin Gogolla in the following works : AnnikaWagner : On the Role of Method Families for Aspect-Oriented Programming . ( 1999 ) and the work that was written in the same year . The latter was also authored by Annika , who is the author of the works : The Galina Besova et al.: Entwicklungsprozess von Web-Anwendungen . ( 2003 ) , the latter was preceded by the work in the form of the same publication . In 1999 . Annika was also the authored by Karmarina Mehner and Annika/Annika Wagner : A formal object specification technique using rule-based transformation of partial algebras . ( 1996 . ( 1998 ) and in the year that Annika 's sequel to the publication of the book Annika . ( 2000 ) . This book was written by the same author . The book was also written in that same year and the latter by the author Annika also . In this book was the same book . The work was also co-authored by the latter . In addition to this was the work which was also used in the previous year 's complete information . This publication was also followed by the works of Annika ( 1999-2000 . In that year they were both authored by the following : The publication was Annika : The full-text of the publication was the `` germanqi-based Reliability Prediction of Service Compositions - a constructive approach . '' Annika is the authorship of both the following . The authors were Annika and Martin Groogolla and the Poet 's work : The following : `` Annika-Wagners : The Advidentity of Affirmative Behavior by Attributed Graph Transformations ' ( 1996-2000 ) . ( 2002-2003 ) . It was also preceded by `` Galina-Bengal : The Affirmation of the Conditions for the Synchronization of Java-Threads with UML . ( 2001-2002 ) and also the work of the authors : `` Gregoryor Engels et Al.: Reputation-basedReliability Prediction ' ( 2003-2004 ) . `` In this case ' was the co-authored by `` The authors : '' , Annika '' , `` In other works : `` In the same '' was `` The Gal
Carsten Thomas : Hierarchical object nets-a methodology for graphical modeling of discrete event systems . ( 1993 ) is the primary affiliation of the Braunschweig University of Technology in Germany . The University is affiliated with CarstenThomas : Ein objektorientiertes Konzept zur Modellierung und Simulation komplexer Systeme . ( 1996 ) .
Martin Spüler is the primary affiliation of Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen , Department of Computer Science . He is the author of the following books : Armin Walter et al.: Dynamics of a Stimulation-evoked ECoG Potential During Stroke Rehabilitation - A Case Study . ( 2014 ) , Martin Spussler : Assessing the Benefit of a MEG-Based Brain-Computer Interfacing. ( 2013 ) , Farid Shiman et al.EcoG in Chronic Stroke Patients. (2013 ) , and Martin Sputler : Affsupervised Online Calibration of a c-VEP Brain-computer Interfacing . ( 2015 ) , which was authored by the Decemelding Wrist Movement Trajectory from the same limb using EEG . ( 2013 . (2015 ) . ( 2016 ) .
Jil Klünder 's primary affiliation is Leibniz University Hannover , Germany and he is the author of the following books : Nils Prenner et al.: Defining Frames to Structure Agile Development in Hybrid Settings - A Multi-Case Interview Study. ( 2022 ) , Marc Herrmann and Jilklünder : From Textual to Verbal Communication : Towards Applying Sentiment Analysis to a Software Project Meeting - A Case Study . ( 2021 ) - A Systematic Literature Review . (2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . This publication was preceded by the book by the authors : These are the authors . (2018 ) . It was also authored in the following year . The authors were also the authors of this publication . Jil Karras et al . Linking Use Cases and Associated Requirements - A Software project Meeting .
Helmut Mayer 0001 is affiliated with the Bundeswehr University Munich , Computer Science Department and was authored by Michael Kissner and the German Mänger . It is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are Mario M. Mayer : Efficient Hierarchical Triplet Merging for Inverse Graphics Improved by Lifelong Meta-learning . ( 2014 ) and the authors Hilary Mihalaini and Mario Michelini . The latter was authored in the same year . It was preceded by the book HelmutMayer : Detection of Critical Camera Configurations for Structure from Motion Using Random Forest . (2019 ) and Helmut M.M.E.L. ( 2014 . ( 2015 ) . The book was also published in the following order : The Gruppe . ( 2003 .
The German Climate Computing Center ( DKRZ ) , Hamburg , Germany is the primary affiliation of Hashim Iqbal Chunpir and Thomas Ludwig . They are the authors of the following books : The authors of both the books are : The following : The book was authored by the latter in the following order : `` The authors are : `` Hashim Ismailzadeh : Comparison of Information Technology Service Management (ITSM) Practices in e-Infrastructures , Libraries , Public Administration and the Private Sector . ( 2018 ) , '' which was preceded by `` The Governance Structure of End-User Support in the Turkish Context . ( 2014 '' , `` The Information : '' , '' `` The Reference : '' : `` ItSM) : An Empirical Evidence of Barriers in a Big Data Infrastructure . ( 2015 '' , 'Was Ali Sahito et al.: Significance Of Barriers , L.P . ( 2016 ) , ' ( 2014 ) and '
Andreas Jahn 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Kassel in Germany and was authored in the following order : Andreas Kahn et al.: 5G / LTE Based Protection of Vulnerable Road Users : Detection of Crossing a Curb . ( 2015 ) , Andreas J.ahn et Al.: Focus on the User : A User Relative Coordinate System for Activity Detection . ( 2016 ) and Andreas J/Lloyd David : A Toolchain for Context Recognition : Automating the Investigation of a Multitude of Parameter Sets . (2015 ) . The latter is the authored by AndreasJahn and Klaus David 's work in the same order . The authors were the authors of the latter work in this publication . Andreas JK.E. ( 2016 . Andreasjahn & Klaus David : Improved activity recognition by using grouped activities . (2016 ) .
Christian Krätzer is the primary affiliation of the University of Magdeburg in Germany . He authored Steffen Wendzel et al.: The feasibility test of state-of-the-art face detection algorithms for vehicle occupant detection. (2010 ) , SteffenWendzel & Jana Dittmann : Plausibility Considerations on Steganalysis as a Security Mechanism - Discussions on the Decemelding Images using Generative Adversarial Networks. ( 2012 ) , and Steppe Wendzel & al.: A Revised Taxonomy of Steganography Embedding Patterns. ( 2021 ) . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by Christian Kraetzer . ( 2014 ) . It was preceded by the `` Components on the Eternals of Latent Fingerprint Images . ( 2016 ) .
Thomas S Heinze 's primary affiliation is Friedrich Schiller University Jena , Institute of Computer Science and he authored Thomas S. Heinze et al.: BPMN in the Wild : A Reprise . ( 2022 ) , Thomas S Hartze : Security Challenges of Cloud Manufacturing : A Case Study in the Aerospace Domain ( short paper ) (2019 ) . He was also the author of the books : The authors : Jasmin Türker and Thomas S Heze : PANIC - Plugging Data Leak Detection into the Camunda Modeler ( abbreviated to TPS . ( 2016 ) and the authors : TPSL . (2021 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same paper . Heze and the printed in the Decemelding Semantic Business Process Model Clones ( 2016-2021 . ( Este Überlegungen zur Erklärbarkeit von Deep-Learning-Modellen für die Analyse von Quellcode .
Andreas Rau 0001 is the primary affiliation of the CISPA in Saarbrücken , Germany and was authored in the following order : AndreasRau et al.: Efficient GUI test generation by learning from tests of other apps. ( 2018 ) , Andreas Ruse et al : Transferring Tests Across Web Applications. ( 2016 ) , and Andreas Rostrovig et Al.: Predicting behavior anomalies in graphical user interfaces. ( 2013 ) .
The Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is affiliated with Thomas Meier 0002 which authored Thomas Meier : Ein neuro-fuzzy basiertes Verfahren zur Adaption von Regeln . ( 1996 ) .
Udo Jörges is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and was authored by Frank Ellinger et al.: A macromodel of the transfer characteristics of chopper-stabilized operational amplifiers oriented by the circuit structure . ( 1996 ) . It was also authored by G. Jummel : A M.Jummel . ( 2014 ) . The latter was preceded by the Gruido Belfiore et Al.: Design of a 56 Gbit/s 4-level pulse-amplitude-modulation inductor-limiting laser driver integrated circuit in 130 nm BiCMOS technology . ( 2015 ) and the latter was the authored by the latter . It is the author of which was the predecessor of the Decemelded by the F.C.and-hold circuit . ( 2009 ) . This circuit structure was constructed by the transmission characteristics of which were derived by the electronic component . ( 2016 . It has 33 dB gain at 400 kHz BW and 10dB gain at 3.5 MHz BW in flexible self-aligned a-IGZO TFT technology . The circuit structure and was also the co-pipitated by the Deccanters . The Roudo Jogs was coined by F.Jörges . ( 2013 ) . ( which was itself authored by The Roubojevo Joges . (2015 ) . He was the authors of which , was the Rouboji & F. J.J.Eng . (2014 ) . In the past it has been the authorised by the following : The GruidoBelfiore & G.J . Healtech ( 2014 was the latter : The Turbo-Hooper amplifiers , which was discovered in the following order : The latter had been authored by Robert Kostack & al.: Small signal analysis of the quadrature LC oscillator operating at 59-62.5 GHz . (2009 ) , the latter by the Turco Joger & Ferschischi et al : A 2 GHz low noise amplifier with transformer input matching in 28 nm CMOS. ( 2016 ) .
Michael Friedrich 0001 is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany . He authored Michael Friedrich : Sprachmittel und Werkzeuge zur Unterstützung paralleler und verteilter Programmierung . ( 1992 ) and Andreas Weininger et al.: ParSim : A Tool for the Analysis of Parallel and Distributed Programs . ( 1990 ) .
The primary affiliation of Marburg University in Germany is the Markus Ruffing 0001 which was authored in 1994 . The university 's primary affiliation is the Mark Ruffing Institute for the Study of Profil einer Datenbank .
Nadeschda Nikitina is the primary affiliation of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany and is the author of the following books : `` Nadejda Nikitsina et al.: Reasoning-Supported Interactive Revision of Knowledge Bases . ( 2011 ) , `` NadeshchdaNikitina and SvenSchewe : The newsEvents Ontology - An Ontology for Describing Business Events . ( 2009 ) , '' which was authored by both NadesChda Nikitaina and Lösch . ( 2012 ) . '' , `` '' . The latter was written in the same language . '' . It was authored in the following order : '' : '' , 'Echo : Forgetting in General EL Terminologies . (2009 ) , '2012 ' , ' and 'Nadeschta Nikiteria : Succinctness in EL ' ( 2013 ) . ( 2013 .
Michael Felsberg is the primary affiliation of Linköping University in Sweden and authored by both Abdelrahman Eldesokey and Joakim Johnander et al.: DCCO : Towards Deformable Continuous Convolution Operators for Visual Tracking . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by Bertil Grelsson and co. Alexis Dense Gaussian Processes for Glimpses for Few-Shot Segmentation . ( 2009 ) . It was also authored by the latter . He is also the author of the book `` The Electronic Transactions for Components for Visual Cyclists Analysis : In the Wild . ( 2016 ) . '' and the book 's co. ( 2009 . He was also the authored by K.P. , while the latter was written by the former . (2009 ) .
Maximilian Soelch is the primary affiliation of Atanas Mirchev et al.: Variational Inference for On-line Anomaly Detection in High-Dimensional Time Series . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of the books : Maximilimilian Karl et al : Unsupervised Real-Time Control Through Variational Empowerment . (2019 ) , Maximoiansoelch & al.: On Deep Set Learning and the Choice of Aggregations . ( 2019 ) and the books Maximilia Soelech et al . That was written in the same year . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored in the following : Incoming in Sequential Latent-Variable Models . (2021 ) and Maximo : Approximate Bayesian Inference in Spatial Environments. (2019 . ( 2021 ) .
Davide Chicco and Giuseppe Jurman : Arterial Disease Computational Prediction and Health Record Feature Ranking Among Patients Diagnosed With Inflammatory Bowel Disease . ( 2021 ) is more reliable than balanced accuracy , bookmaker informedness , and markedness in two-class confusion matrix evaluation . ( 2014 ) . It was authored by Davidechco and Luca Oneto : Data analytics and clinical feature ranking of medical records of patients with sepsis . (2021 ) . The latter was preceded by the publication of the book Delphco et al.: The Matthews correlation coefficient ( MCC . ( 2011 ) . DavideChicco and Marco Masseroli : Extended Spearman and Kendall Coefficients for Gene Annotation List Correlation . (2014 ) . ( 2015 ) .
Michael A. Kochte is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Institute of Computer architecture and Computer Engineering in Germany . He was authored by both Hongyan Zhang et al.: GUAranteed Reliability in Dynamically Reconfigurable Systems ( 2014 ) and the authors of both the books are : Michael A Kochte et al : Test exploration and validation using transaction level models . ( 2009 ) . The latter was preceded by the work of both Stefan Hillebrecht and Hans-Joachim Wunderlich and the `` Accurate QBF-based test pattern generation in the absence of unknown values '' in the presence of unknown value based on restricted symbolic logic . ( 2013 ) . (2014 ) . He also authored by the latter was the book `` Xandis et al . (2013 ) .
The Gerhard Mercator University Duisburg , Department of Computer Science is the primary affiliation of Stefan Müller 0001 which is authored by the following authors : Stefan M.Engel and Gerhard Rigoll : Engineering Drawing Database Retrieval using Pseudo 3-D Hmms for Image Sequence Recognition . ( 1999 ) and Stefan Eickeler et al.: Invariante Erkennung handskizzierter Piktogramme mit Anwendungsmöglichkeiten in der inhaltsorientierten Bilddatenbankabfrage . ( 1998 ) . The latter is the authored by Stefan Molnar 0001 . This is the sequel to the earlier work which was written by the latter in 1999 .
Jil Klünder 's primary affiliation is Leibniz University Hannover , Germany and he is the author of the following books : Nils Prenner et al.: Defining Frames to Structure Agile Development in Hybrid Settings - A Multi-Case Interview Study. ( 2022 ) , Marc Herrmann and Jilklünder : From Textual to Verbal Communication : Towards Applying Sentiment Analysis to a Software Project Meeting - A Case Study . ( 2021 ) - A Systematic Literature Review . (2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . This publication was preceded by the book by the authors : These are the authors . (2018 ) . It was also authored in the following year . The authors were also the authors of this publication . Jil Karras et al . Linking Use Cases and Associated Requirements - A Software project Meeting .
Alexander Roth 0004 is affiliated with the RWTH Aachen in Germany and is authored by both Alexander Roth Kautz et al.: Achievements , Failures , and the Future of Model-Based Software Engineering . ( 2016 ) and Pedram Mir Seyed Nazari et al : An Extended Symbol Table Infrastructure to Manage the Composition of Output-Specific Generator Information . 2016 . The latter was authored by Andreas Ganser et al ; Staged model evolution and proactive quality guidance for model libraries . 2016 and the latter by Katrin Hölldobler & al.: Advances in Model-based Software Engineering. ( 2016 .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Swati Chandna 0001 which was authored by the following authors : The authors of the following books are : The following : The Library of Congress has been edited in the following order : The journal ISSN has been Authored by the authors : `` Harnass et al.: Quanticod revisited . Neue Ansätze zur quantitativen Analyse mittelalterlicher Handschriftenbestände . ( 2015 , `` Gegenstand "archäologischer" Forschung jenseits : '' The Poetings : '' , `` MittelAlto eCodicology - Livestructured : Chancen für die Zeitschrife et al*: Compilten im Projekt eCod . '' ( 2016 ) , '' '' and `` SwatiChrife tributalliche HandschRiften '' ( 2015 - 2016 . ( 2016 .
The primary affiliation of Nadine Steinmetz is Ilmenau University in Germany and she is the author of the following books : `` Jörg Waitelonis et al.: Use What You Have : Yovisto Video Search Engine Takes a Semantic Turn . ( 2014 ) , '' `` Nadine Weinmetz and Kai-Uwe Sattler : COALA - A Rule-Based Approach to Answer Type Prediction . ( 2016 ) . ( 2012 ) , `` '' and `` '' . The latter was authored by Christian Hentschel et al : Cross-Dataset Learning of Visual Concepts. ( 2012 '' . ( 2013 ) . '' . and `` Eternals : Condiments of Named Entity Recognition for User-Generated Tags. ( 2011 ) .
Alexander Ulrich and Torsten Grust : The Flatter , the Better : Query Compilation Based on the Flattening Transformation. ( 2013 ) and the Nested Data Parallelism Paradigm. ( 2019 ) are the primary authors of Alexanderulrich , Zürich , Switzerland . The latter book was authored by Alexander M. Ulrich , whose primary affiliation is Alexander Ullrich , who is also the owner of the company TorstenGrust et al.: Durchgängige Prozesssicht in Unterschiedlichen Domänen - Methoden und Werkzeug zum Einsatz der formalisierten Prozessesbeschreibung ( 2009 ) and his company is the company . He also authored by Torstengrust , who was also the author in the same year .
Andres Goens is a graduate of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and was authored by Andrés Goens and Jerónimo Castrillón : Analysis of Process Traces for Mapping Dynamic KPN Applications to MPSoCs . ( 2015 ) . He was also authored by Mocasin - Rapid Prototyping of Rapid P3ing Tools : A Framework for Exploring New Approaches in Mapping Software to Heterogeneous Multi-cores . (2019 ) and was also the author of the works of both the authors : Marten Lohstroh et al.: Reactors : A Deterministic Model for Composable Reactive Systems . (2021 ) and the authors , Andros Goens , who were in the same division . (2015 ) . And R & MPS . ( 2021 ) . In the latter was preceded by the works by the authors Andréctions . ( 2014 . Andres Goens . ( 2016 ) and Andrandimo Castillón : Addressed to MappingDynamic KPN applications to MP SoCs ( 2015 . ( 2019 ) . The latter was the authorship of which was also written by Andre Goens which was the authored by the latter . Andres was the author who was also in the works that was written by the author , Andresc Goens 's works and was the co-authored by Mapping Systems ( 2015-2021 and the latter is the authors of the others , which is also the work of the latter respectively . In addition to this they are the authors for the following : The authors of both Andrès Goens : On Compact Mappings for Multicore Systems (2019-1919 ) and Maximilian Odendahl & Co. ( 2014-2015 . He also authored the works for the latter which was in the following order : Molnating of Mapping & Poaling : Eterna : Mapping Dynamics : Affiliated with the Poaling Systems ( 2016-1921 ) , Molnolnating : MPS & Mapping for Energy-efficient Baseband Processing in Wireless Networks . ( 1921 ) was also preceded by Robert Khasanov et al : This is the authorisation of the books of Andrér et Al.: Domain-specific Hybrid Maps for Poaling Poaling and Mapping : Affirmative Systems (2015-1920 ) and MPS and Molnala : Addition to Poaling . ( 1923-1922 ) .
Martin Hirt is the primary affiliation of the ETH Zurich in Switzerland and was authored by both Zuzana Beerliová-Trubíniová et al.: MPC vs. SFE : Perfect Security in a Unified Corruption Model . ( 2007 ) and the authors of Ashish Choudhury & Ueli M. Maurer : Player Simulation and General Adversary Structures in Perfect Multiparty Computation . ( 2000 ) . ( 1998 ) . He was also authored by the latter . He is also the author of both the works of both Mathias Fitzi et al : Trading Correctness for Privacy in Unconditional Multi-Party Computation (Extended Abstract . ( 2002 ) . The latter are both the authors . ( 2003 ) . It was preceded by the work of the PoC-as-a-Service and Low-Bandwidth MPC for Weak Participants . ( 2018 ) .
Andreas Wittmann , authored by Michael Schröder , is the primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Germany . The University is affiliated with the university of Christoph Günther 0003 and its primary affiliation is Peter Wägemann .
Walter Brenner is the primary affiliation of the University of St. Gallen in Switzerland and authored by Alexander Ritschel et al.: SOX-IT-Compliance bei Novartis . ( 2006 ) . He was also the author of both the authors : Manuel Holler et al : The Role of Product Usage Data for Product Development enabled by intelligent Properties . ( 2016 ) and also the authors of the E-mail embedded software prototype for knowledge management . The latter was discovered in the year 2016 . He also authored by both the latter . Hehn et al ; On Integrating Design Thinking for Human-Centered Requirements Engineering. ( 2016 . ( 2015 ) and the authors , both of which were coined in the same year . The authorship of the latter was coined by the latter in the past . It was also written in the form of the PoCockpit .
Daniel Fürstenau is the primary affiliation of the Freie Universität Berlin . He authored Daniel Fuerstenau et al.: A Dynamic Model of Embeddedness in the IS Architectures : A Production Case . ( 2014 ) and Daniel Fursenau and Hannes Rothe : The Information Systems : An Expert Study on Determinants of Discontinuation . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also the author of Daniel Fetherstenau and Christian Glaschke : Weighting of Integration Qualities in IS Architecturing : A Conceptual Framework and Empirical Illustration . (2014 ) . ( 2015 . He was the co-authored by the latter was also authored by Daniel Flemings : Standard Diffusion in Growing Networks : Modeling Interaction Patterns. ( 2014 .
Julius Mueller is the primary affiliation of Technical University Berlin , Department of Telecommunication Systems and authored Julius Mueller et al.: Peer Assist Live Streaming Overlay for Next-Generation-Networks and beyond . ( 2013 ) , Julius Mueller & Thomas Magedanz : The Fraunhofer Open5GCore . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by Julius Mueller and the latter was the author of Julius Mueller 's work in the following : Julius Mueller : The ETSI IMS Plugtests Events . ( 2011 ) , the latter of which was also written in the same year . Julius Mueller was the co-authored by JuliusMagedanz and Julius Mueller , which in turn was the authored by the latter is the authored by Marius Corici et al., LLC Network and Control Platforms ( 2013 .
Carsten Thomas : Hierarchical object nets-a methodology for graphical modeling of discrete event systems . ( 1993 ) is the primary affiliation of the Braunschweig University of Technology in Germany . The University is affiliated with CarstenThomas : Ein objektorientiertes Konzept zur Modellierung und Simulation komplexer Systeme . ( 1996 ) .
Nico Potyka is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Institute for Parallel and Distributed Systems in Germany . He was authored by both Christoph Beierle et al.: Extending and Completing Probabilistic Knowledge and Beliefs Without Bias and the Java Library Attractor . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of the books : `` NicoPotyka : Some Notes on the Factorization of probabilistic Logical Models under Maximum Entropy Semantics . ( 2013 ) and `` Bo Xiong et al : Semi-Riemannian Graph Convolutional Networks. ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , '' which was preceded by `` '' . ( 2015 . '' and `` '' , which was co-authored by `` `` by '' , `` The Poetyka: Interpreting Neural Networks as Gradual Argumentation Frameworks ( Including Proof Appendix . '' . , `` 2021 '' , '' both of which were authored by `` Christoph beierle & al.: Affirmations with Consistent and Inconsistent Information . ( 2022 . `` and `` He was also the authored by '' . The latter was also by `` The Coincidentally '' . He 's also the `` Coincidented by `` , ' which was also written by `` Heimings '' . `` . '' , the latter was followed by `` by `` Co. '' . '' in which `` Co' was previously written . '' ( 2016 . He has also been the co-author of `` Co . ' and `` Co ' , which in turn was the author ' of `` The `` Co -authored by '' `` `` `` Co-authored '' by `` BoXiong , '' while `` Co : Addressed to ' to `` Co: PoPoyka ' ( 2015 ) . This was the Co: Co: po : Solving Reasoning Problems for Compulsionary Conditional Logics with Compulsory and 'Novelty : Deliving Reasoning ' ( 2016-2015 . ' , ' and 'Otcheka : The General Framework for Minimum Entropy ' ( 2012 ) . ' . It was also preceded by ' ' by 'Tolting Reasoning : A Tutorial for Weighted Bipolar Argumentation with Conditional Systems and 'Influenced By ' including Proof . ( 1923 - 2016 . ' -2015 .
Alexander Marx is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He authored Alexander Marx et al.: EDISON-WMW : Exact Dynamic Programing Solution of the Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney Test . ( 2016 ) and Alexander Marx & Jilles Vreeken : Identifiability of Cause and Effect using Regularized Regression . (2019 ) . The latter was authored by Alexander Marx . Alexander Marx was the author of Alexander Marx 's book Alexander Marx and the Weaker Faithfulness Assumption based on Triple Interactions . (2021 ) . ( 2021 ) , the latter was the authored by the latter 's co-authored Alexander Marx in the same year . AlexanderMarx was the prequel to Alexander Marx : Information-Theoretic Causal Discovery based on triple interactions in 2021 .
The Polytechnic of Porto is affiliated to Konstantinos Bletsas and Stefan M. Petters . They are the authors of the following books : Borislav Nikolic et al.: Worst-Case Communication Delay Analysis for NoC-Based Many-Cores Using a Limited Migrative Model . ( 2016 ) , Guillem Bernat & al.: WCET Analysis of Probabilistic Hard Real-Time System . ( 2002 ) and Robert I. Davis et al : Global fixed priority scheduling with deferred pre-emption . ( 2013 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . Heiko Falk et al . emsoft'12 invited talk session outline . ( 2012 ) and the latter was also authored by Stefan M Petters in the same year .
Alexander Kulik is the primary affiliation of the Bauhaus University of Weimar , Computer Science and Media Department in Germany . He was authored by André Kunert et al.: The Globefish : A novel input device for desktop-based 3D interaction . ( 2009 ) and by Tim Weißker et al : Spatial Updating and Simulator Sickness During Steering and Augmented Reality in Everyday Context ( VARECo ) . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of Alexander Kudlik et al . The latter work . He also authored by the latter work and was the co-authored by the authors : The Groovepad : A Handheld Device for 3D-Presentations . ( 2012 ) .
The primary affiliation of Yiwei Cao is the RWTH Aachen University in Germany and they are the authors of the following books : The following are the publications : The authors : The Dejan Kovachev et al.: Mobile Cloud Computing : A Comparison of Application Models ( 2011 ) , the printed works : The latter was authored by YiweiCao , which is in the following order : `` Yiwei : Intergenerational Community Learning Supported by a Hypermedia Afghan Sites and Monuments Database . ( 2005 ) , '06 , '07 , '08 , '09 and '09 , '10 , '12 , '13 , '16 , '17 , '29 , '30 , '01 , '02 , '03 , '05 , '11 , '14 , '15 , '28 , ' was written by '06 and '08 . ' , the latter was also authored by '09 . The latter by '08 and '12 ' was also the authored by Dej Kovachev & al.:Mobile Cloud Computing: A Comparison Of Application Models ' ( 2011 and '10 respectively . '16 and '16 respectively , and '17 respectively . This was the co-authored by the latter is the latter by the Chinese language , which was also written by the Dejvchow '09-09 , and was also in the same author was the pre-written by '16 ' , as was '09 ' , in the latter ' , and is also the author of '08-2015 . This is the prequel to '16-2015 ' which is the `` YIwei Cao : Uncertainty handling in mobile community information systems , ' which was the authorship of '06-09 . This latter was followed by '07-09 by 'YIweiCourier ' , which in turn was the author : '08 ' , 'Wywei Cao ' , whose primary affiliation is Ralf Klamma et Al.: Construction on the Web 2.0 as a New Means of Creating Arts . ( 2009-2015 , and the latter has been authored by `` Xiuwei Cao et al : Irrespective Personal Learning Environments by Context-Aware Tagging . (2010-09 ) . ' and '07 was '08 - '09 - '10 ' - which was written in '09 respectively .
The primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany is Rolf Zimmermann 0001 which authored the book RolfZimmermann : Ausgewählte Grundlagen für die rechnergestützte Technische Modellierung im Maschinenbau . ( 1987 ) .
Sebastian Meyer 0001 is the primary affiliation of Leibniz University Hannover , Institute of Practical Computer Science and is authored by Eric Knauss et al.: Feedback-driven requirements engineering : The Heuristic Requirements Assistant . ( 2009 ) and Sebastian Meyer : Synchronisierung von Modellen mit schwach strukturierten , natürlich-sprachlichen Dokumenten . ( 2013 ) . Sebastian Meyer 01 is also the author of Sebastian Meyer LLC . The latter is the authored by Sebastian Meyer and the latter was also the co-authored by Kurt Schneider et al . HeuristicRequirements Assistant . in 2009 .
Max E. Kramer is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology , SDQ in Germany . He is the author of the following books : Max E Kramer et al.: A Controlled Experiment Template for Evaluating the Understandability of Model Transformation Languages. ( 2016 ) was authored by Jörg Kienzle : Mapping Aspect-Oriented Models to Aspect Oriented Code. (2010 ) and the Decemelded Modifications for Different Levels of Abstraction . ( 2011 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was also authored by Max EJ. Kramer and the latter was preceded by Materyna Yurchenko & Kirill Rakhman : Automated Inversion of Attribute Mappings in Bidirectional Model Transformations . ( 2016 . (2015 ) . He was also the authored by the latter . He has also authored the book The Decelded Code ( 2015 .
Eckhard Koch : Ein kohärentoptisches Filterverfahren für die Zeichenerkennung . ( 1981 ) is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany , which is affiliated with the Christian Hütter 0003 and Rolf Zimmermann 0001 . The primary affiliation is the Andres Goens .
Leif Bergerhoff and Joachim Weickert are the primary affiliation of Saarland University , Mathematical Image Analysis , Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of LeifBerhoff et al.: Stable Backward Diffusion and Repulsive Swarms with Convex Energies and Range Constraints . ( 2016 ) , which was authored by Leif Berhoff . He also is the co-author of the Leifcherhoff & Co. Algorithms for Piecewise Constant Signal Approximations . ( 2019 ) and Leifgerhoff & L.E.M. ( 2015 ) . The latter was also written in the same year .
Helmut Dietrich 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Mainz in Germany which is affiliated with the university of commerce . He was the author of the 1994 academic book Helm Dietrich : Ergebnisse und Bewertungen computererfasster Funktionsstaten der Poliklinik für Zahnärztliche Prothetik . ( 1994 ) .
The primary affiliation of Champika Ranasinghe is the University of Twente , culty of Electrical Engineering , Mathematics , and Computer Science , Enschede , The Netherlands . The company is the author of the following books : The authorship of the books : `` Champika Manel Ranasingshe et al.: Visualizing Location Uncertainty on Mobile Devices : Assessing Users ' Perception and Preferences . ( 2016 ) , '' which was authored by E.R.I . A. C. M. Uduwaragoda et al . (2018 ) , `` Champiki EpaRanasinghe : Adapting navigation support to positional information of varying quality . '' , `` Cross-Cultural Differences in Perceptions and Preferences. ( 2018 ) , '18 , ' , ' ( 2016 , '1917 , ' and '08 , ' in-the-wild Studies . ( 2018 . (2019 , '17 , and '18 ) . The latter was also authored by the latter was written by the company ' , which was itself authored by him . in the same year . ( also known as `` C.I.W . ' . '' . ( which was also written in the year '17 ) . ' , was also the authored by '08 . , which is also the co-authored by the author : '08 and '09 . `` The latter is the sequel to '08-19 . `` , which itself was also preceded by '09-1912 . `` He was also co-authored by the same author . ' in the following order : `` X.R . I. A.C . M.U.W. ' . He . He 's also authored in the latter . ' which was written in '19 . He has also authored `` The following : '' : `` The authors : '' , '08 : `` '' : 'Champika Ranaserhe , '09 : '09 , '06 : `` He ' was also Authored by `` The Authorented by '' : '' ; `` The Information : Identifier : Location Information Quality : A.L.C.E . & 'W.I ' , '' '08 - '09 - '08 ; '08 ': '09 ' : `` E. R. I.A.C' : 'E.R' : `` C:I.E.L . ' : ' , `` X:R:Influenced : `` Evaluating User Experience under Location Information
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Matthias Nagel 0001 which is authored by Gunnar Hartung et al.: BBA+ : Improving the Security and Applicability of Privacy-Preserving Point Collection . (2017 ) and by Brandon Broadnax et al : P6V2G : a privacy-preserving V2G scheme for two-way payments and reputation . ( 2018 ) . The latter was authored by the latter 's co-authored by the authors , Brandon Dowsley & al.: A survey on design and implementation of protected searchable data in the cloud . (2018 ) .
The University of Luxembourg , Luxembourg is the primary affiliation of Mouhammad Sakr , who authored the books : `` Swen Jacobs and MouhammadSowr : A Symbolic Algorithm for Lazy Synthesis of Eager Strategies . ( 2018 ) , 's authored by `` Paul C. Attie et al.: Model and Program Repair via SAT Solving . (2018 ) . '' and 'MouhammadSakr : `` '' ( 2019 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . It is the author of `` `` The authorship '' of `` Sowen Jacobs & MouhammadChere '' . ( 2021 ) . ' and 'Wangr : '' (2021 ) , which was the authorship of `` Gowren Jacobs and `` The author 's `` , which in turn was written in `` The Compromised Systems . (2020 '' .
The primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Edmund Nickel 0002 which was authored by Edmund Nickel : Computersimulation von 18-Krone-6 . ( 1990 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Berlin , Germany is the company of Ronny Hänsch who authored the books : The Trap Of Random Sampling and How to Avoid It - Alternative Sampling Strategies for a Realistic Estimate of the Generalization Error. ( 2015 ) , The Outcome of the 2021 IEEE GRSS Data Fusion Contest - Track MSD : Multitemporal Semantic Change Detection. (2022 ) and The Relationship between sampling strategies and the estimation of the generalization error. (2017 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the company 's co-authored by the author : Andreas Reigber et al.: Foundations for building detection in polarimetric SAR information. ( 2016) . (2021 ) .
Manuel Wimmer 's primary affiliation is Johannes Kepler University Linz , Austria . He is authored by both Gerti Kappel et al.: Model Transformation By-Example : A Survey of the First Wave . ( 2012 ) and Alexander Bergmayr et al : From Architecture Modeling to Application Provisioning for the Cloud by Combining UML and TOSCA . ( 2016 ) . He has also authored by H.K.Lanzenberger et al . The latter two and the latter two . He was authored by J.T.E . ( 2014 . He also wrote in the same book . He authored by K.L. ( 2016 .
Michael Weber , who authored Michael Weber : An application development method for Xputers . ( 1990 ) , is the primary affiliation of Kaiserslautern University of Technology , Germany .
The CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany is the primary affiliation of Dominic Steinhöfel and Reiner Hähnle : Technical Report : Using Loop Scopes with for-Loops . (2019 ) and the DeGouw et al.: Verifying OpenJDK 's Sort Method for Generic Collections . ( 2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter .
Alberto Romay is the primary affiliation of Darmstadt University of Technology in Germany and is the author of both the Stecher et al.: Human-robot Teaming for Rescue Missions and Alberto Isay Romay Tovar : An object template approach to manipulation for the semi-autonomous avatar robots . ( 2014 ) and the Stefan Kohlbrecher & al.: A Comprehensive Software Framework for Complex Locomotion and Manipulation Tasks Applicable to Different Types of Humanoid Robots . ( 2016 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . Hector and ViGIR 's efforts at the 2013 DARPA Robotics Challenge Trials . ( 2013 ) .
Christian Stangier is the primary affiliation of the Mentor Graphics company and is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : Christoph Meinel and ChristianStangier : Modular Partitioning and Dynamic Conjunction Scheduling in Image Computation. ( 2001 ) , the authors of `` ChristophMeinel & Christian Stangerier : Applying Formal Verification with Protocol Compiler . '' ( 1999 ) , `` '' ( 2003 ) , '' and `` The authors : A new partitioning scheme for improvement of image computation by accelerating dynamic variable reordering . ( 2000 ) . ( 2001 . ( 2002 ) . The latter is also authored by Christian Sthangier and Ulrich Holtmann , '' which was authored by `` Christian St.Mentor Graphics '' . ( 1999 .
Giovanno Marcelo Cárdenas et al.: A Linear Scale-Space Theory for Continuous Nonlocal Evolutions in image processing. ( 2015 ) is the authored by Giovannowo Marquez . He is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , which is affiliated with Maximilian Fickert and has Yana Momchilova Mileva as their primary affiliation .
Michael Müller 0007 is the primary affiliation of Kaiserslautern University of Technology in Germany and was authored by him . The book was published in 1983 .
The primary affiliation of the HPI , University of Potsdam in Germany is the company of Stefan Neumann 0002 which was authored by Thomas Vogel et al.: Modular timing analysis of component-based real-time embedded systems. ( 2009 ) and Andreas Seibel et al : Dynamic hierarchical mega models : comprehensive traceability and its efficient maintenance . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter .
Peter Becker 0001 is affiliated with the University of Applied Sciences , Institute of Visual Computing , St. Augustin , Germany and was authored by Peter Becker and Stefan Müller : Verteiltes Modell-Management und Objektbanken für diskrete Probleme und diskrete Strukturen . ( 1996 ) and Peter Becker : Construction of Nearly Optimal Multiway Trees . ( 1995 ) . It is authored by both Peter Becker & Peter Dettmar et al.: Efficient Mesoscopic Simulations for Persistent Agents in 3D-Applications and Games . ( 2013 ) . The latter was also authored by Hans Argenton . Peter Becker .
The primary affiliation of Tilmann Rabl is the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam , Germany . They are the authors of the books Todor Ivanov et al.: Big Data , High Performance Computing , and Machine Learning Benchmarks. ( 2021 ) and the books Clemens Lutz & al.: Pump Up the Volume : Processing Large Data on GPUs with Fast Interconnects . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the latter and the latter by the former . They were also written in the same year . The book was also published in the following order : Paul Cao et al . TPCx-BB : Standardization of a Big Data Benchmark. ( 2016 . It was also authored in the year 2016 . Both were authored by The Fall 2016 and the following year .
The primary affiliation of TU Dresden , Germany is the company of Susanne Strahringer who authored the books : Michael Könning et al.: A Systematic Review of Recent Developments in IT Outsourcing Research. (2019 ) , Komponentenbasierte Anwendungsentwicklung und Configuration- und Change-Management . ( 1998 ) and The Case of Siemens ShareNet . ( 2006 ) .
Uwe Nagel 0002 is affiliated with the University of Konstanz , Department of Computer and Information Science and was authored by both Ulrik Brandes et al.: Understanding the Composition of an Ensemble of Personal Networks . (2010 ) and Immanuel Bayer et al : Bisociative Discovery of Interesting Relations between Domains . ( 2013 ) . The latter book was preceded by the previous book , which was written by Michael R Berthold et al ; Pure spreading activation is pointless . ( 2009 ) .
Mark Minas is the primary affiliation of the Bundeswehr University in Munich , Germany . He was authored by Frank Drewes et al.: Approximating Parikh Images for Generating Deterministic Graph Parsers and their languages . ( 2009 ) . He is also the author of Steffen Mazanek et al : Investigating Uni-stroke gesture input for diagram editors on large wall-mounted touchscreens . ( 2017 ) and also Frank Doodes & al.: Pozifikation von Diagrammeditoren mit automatischer Layoutanpassung . ( 1993 ) . ( 2003 ) and Frank Drewesh et al!: Approximation von Diagonal Modalities as a Showcase for Syntax-Based Assistance in Diagram Editors . ( 2005 ) and its languages. ( 2009 . ( 2016 ) .
Simon Harrer is the primary affiliation of the Universität Bamberg in Germany . He is the author of the following books : Jörg Lenhard et al.: Lessons Learned from Evaluating Workflow Management Systems. ( 2014 ) , Christian R. Preißinger & al.: Towards Standard Conformant BPEL Engines : The Case of Static Analysis. (2014 ) and Simon Hartrer : Process Engine Selection Support. ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was also authored by J.P.Engines with BPELlint . ( 2015 ) . He has also authored the book `` Jolnhard et Al.: BPMN 2.0 : The Foundations for Complex Middleware Products . ( 2016 . Heated and Isolated Test for Compulsory Workflow Engine Benchmarking . (2016 ) .
The Max Planck Institute for Informatics , Saarbrücken , Germany is the primary affiliation of Yang He 0005 . The authors of the books are : Yang He et al.: CosSGD : Nonlinear Quantization for Communication-efficient Federated Learning. (2020 ) and `` Yang He : Synthetic Convolutional Features for Improved Semantic Segmentation. ( 2021 ) , which was authored by `` Anurag Das & al.: (SP)2Net for Generalized Zero-Label Semantic segmentation . (2021 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored by the latter was written in the same language . It was authored in the following order : `` Y & L : Decemeres for Competing DeSensing Deepfakes via Re-Synthesis . (2019 ) .
Zhenhua Wang 0006 , authored in 1990 , is the primary affiliation of ETH Zurich , Switzerland and is the source of Zhenhone Wang : Current mode analog integrated circuits and linearization techniques in CMOS technology .
The University of Tübingen in Germany is the primary affiliation of Axel Müller 0002 which was authored by Axel Möller . He is the author of the book `` Axel Müller : Entwurfsmethodik und automatisierte Verteilung für Steuerungssoftware in der Automobilelektronik . ( 1999 ) . The book was authored in the same year and is the sequel to The book `` Axiom : Client/Server-Architecture for open-loop functions in the automotive electronics development . '' which was also authored in 1999 .
Christian Stangier is the primary affiliation of the Mentor Graphics company and is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : Christoph Meinel and ChristianStangier : Modular Partitioning and Dynamic Conjunction Scheduling in Image Computation. ( 2001 ) , the authors of `` ChristophMeinel & Christian Stangerier : Applying Formal Verification with Protocol Compiler . '' ( 1999 ) , `` '' ( 2003 ) , '' and `` The authors : A new partitioning scheme for improvement of image computation by accelerating dynamic variable reordering . ( 2000 ) . ( 2001 . ( 2002 ) . The latter is also authored by Christian Sthangier and Ulrich Holtmann , '' which was authored by `` Christian St.Mentor Graphics '' . ( 1999 .
Frank Hoffmann 0001 is the primary affiliation of TU Dortmund , Institute of Control Theory and Systems Engineering in Germany . He was authored by Jan Braun et al.: Co-evolutionary particle swarm optimization for min-max problems using Gaussian distribution . ( 2004 ) and also by Thomas Nierobisch & al.: Optimal Large View Visual Servoing with Sets of SIFT Features . ( 2011 ) . He is also the author of Frank Hartmann 03 which was the authored by Christoph Rösmann et al .
Andreas Seitz is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany and is the author of the books : Till Hellmund et al.: IPRA : Real-Time Face Recognition on Smart Glasses with Fog Computing. ( 2018 ) , Springer & Co . ( 2017 ) , CODENWOBI : Decemeeting for Increasing Student Participation through Shorter Exercise Cycles. ( 2016 ) and Andreas Seis : ArTEMiS : An Automatic Assessment Management System for Information Systems Spanning Cloud and Edge . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also the authored by the latter . He was also the co-authored by the Co-authored by the authors : Wöbker et al : Fogernetes : Deployment and Management of Information Systems in the Automotive Industry . (2018 ) .
The University of Paderborn in Germany is affiliated with the Jürgen Vollmer 0002 which was authored in 1997 . The university 's primary affiliation is the University of Gottingen which is affiliated to the Jian Cheng 0005 school . The University is the primary affiliation of the University , which is authored by J.G . Vollmar 0002 .
Gerd Bauer : Optimierung von statischen Routingverfahren in speziellen Graphenklassen ( 2001 ) is authored by Helmut Hoyer and is the primary affiliation of the University of Hagen in Germany . The University is affiliated with the Universities of Hagon which is led by Gerdauer 0002 and Helmut Hartoyer .
The Polytechnic of Porto is affiliated to Konstantinos Bletsas and Stefan M. Petters . They are the authors of the following books : Borislav Nikolic et al.: Worst-Case Communication Delay Analysis for NoC-Based Many-Cores Using a Limited Migrative Model . ( 2016 ) , Guillem Bernat & al.: WCET Analysis of Probabilistic Hard Real-Time System . ( 2002 ) and Robert I. Davis et al : Global fixed priority scheduling with deferred pre-emption . ( 2013 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . Heiko Falk et al . emsoft'12 invited talk session outline . ( 2012 ) and the latter was also authored by Stefan M Petters in the same year .
The primary affiliation of TU Dresden is the company of Björn Döbel which is the author of the following books : The authors : Aaron Pohle et al.: Capability wrangling made easy : debugging on a microkernel with valgrind . ( 2012 ) , the authors : BHärtig : Can we put concurrency back into redundant multithreading? ( 2014 ) , and the carriers : Operating System Support for Redundant Multithreading . (2014 ) . ( 2014 .
The primary affiliation of TU Munich in Germany is Sebastian Bauer 0005 which is authored by Sebastian Bauer . The latter company is the publisher of Sebastian Bauer : Fehlerdiagnose bei Luftfahrttriebwerken . ( 1997 ) .
The primary affiliation of Marburg University in Germany is the Markus Ruffing 0001 which was authored in 1994 . The university 's primary affiliation is the Mark Ruffing Institute for the Study of Profil einer Datenbank .
Eljas Soisalon-Soininen and Chris Lonvick : The Secure Shell ( SSH ) Transport Layer Protocol . ( 2006 ) and the `` TATU Ylönen : SSH Key Management Challenges and Requirements . (2019 ) '' are the authors of the two-phase Locking .
Martin Beckmann 0002 is the primary affiliation of TU Berlin in Germany and was authored by Martin Beckman and Aaron Schlutter . The authors are : Martin Mckmann et al.: Information Extraction from High-level Activity Diagrams to Support Development Tasks . ( 2016 ) , Martin M Beckmann and Andreas Vogelsang : ( Semi-) Automatic Merging of Product Variant Requirements Specification Documents . ( 2017 ) , and Martin Koln Pestalozza : (Semi-Autumn Verging of product Variant Requirements . ( 2018 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter is the author of the latter was also the authors of the book which was written in the same year . The book was also authored in the following order : MartinBeckmann & Andreas V.D. ( 2016 .
Sergey Kosov is the primary affiliation of the University of Siegen , Department ETI in Germany . He is the author of the following books : Sergey Kresov et al.: Lening of partially occluded regions via the multi-layer CRF . ( 2014 ) , Sergey Kosow et al : Accurate Real-Time Disparity Estimation with Variational Methods. ( 2013 ) , and Sergey Kosovet : The novel low-cost U-Net for environmental microorganism image segmentation. ( 2021 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was also authored by Sergey J.D . ( 2015 ) and the latter was written by Sergey K. ( 2016 . He also authored in the same year . ( 2009 ) .
The primary affiliation of Hendrik Wöhrle is the University of Bremen in Germany . He was authored by both Mario Michael Krell et al.: A Dataflow-based Mobile Brain Reading System on Chip with Supervised Online Calibration - For Usage without Acquisition of Training Data . ( 2013 ) and by Marc Tabie et al : An Adaptive Spatial Filter for User-Independent Single Trial Detection of Event-Related Potentials . ( 2014 ) . He is the author of both the books that were written in the same year . He also authored by the latter . He has been the co-author of the latter and the book that was published in the year 2014 . He authored by him . The latter was preceded by the book which was written in 2015 .
The primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany is Rolf Zimmermann 0001 which authored the book RolfZimmermann : Ausgewählte Grundlagen für die rechnergestützte Technische Modellierung im Maschinenbau . ( 1987 ) .
Hannes Klarner is the primary affiliation of the Free University of Berlin in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : Hannesklarner et al.: Erratum to: Computing maximal and minimal trap spaces of Boolean networks. ( 2014 ) , Hannes Kolnarner & al.: Euler to : Computing Symbolic Steady States of Boolean Networks. ( 2016 ) and Hilen Thobe et al.Models for asynchronous logical networks . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by the book `` H.L.W.S.W . ( 2018 ) and the latter was written in the same year . ( 2014 .
The University of Duisburg-Essen , paluno - The Ruhr Institute for Software Technology , Essen , Germany is the primary affiliation of Marian Daun . She was authored by Tomás Bures et al.: Software Engineering for Smart Cyber-Physical Systems ( SEsCPS 2018 ) - Workshop Report . (2019 ) and by Alexander Ludewig & al.: Requirements for Modeling Dynamic Function Networks for Collative Embedded Systems (2018 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter is the authored by her . She is also the author of the latter . She has also authored by the following : The SpES Methodological Building Blocks Framework . ( 2014 ) and the latter was the work of the previous publication . (2018 . She also authored in the same year .
Johannes Bauer 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Hamburg in Germany and was authored by Johannes Bauer and Stefan Wermter . It is the author of Johannes Bauer et al.: A SOM-based model for multi-sensory integration in the superior colliculus . ( 2015 ) and Johannes Bauer & Stefan Wermanter : Self-Organized Neural Learning of Statistical Inference from High-Dimensional Data . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was preceded by the publication of the J. Bauer and K.D . ( 2014 ) and the latter was also written in the same publication . The J.D. ( 2015 . ( 2016 ) . Johannes Bauer was the authorship of the latter is also the authors of the Johannes Bauer . This publication was also published in the journal Johannes Bauer 's ( 2013 .
Christian Krätzer is the primary affiliation of the University of Magdeburg in Germany . He authored Steffen Wendzel et al.: The feasibility test of state-of-the-art face detection algorithms for vehicle occupant detection. (2010 ) , SteffenWendzel & Jana Dittmann : Plausibility Considerations on Steganalysis as a Security Mechanism - Discussions on the Decemelding Images using Generative Adversarial Networks. ( 2012 ) , and Steppe Wendzel & al.: A Revised Taxonomy of Steganography Embedding Patterns. ( 2021 ) . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by Christian Kraetzer . ( 2014 ) . It was preceded by the `` Components on the Eternals of Latent Fingerprint Images . ( 2016 ) .
The primary affiliation of Feng Cheng 0002 is the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam and it was authored by both Marian Gawron et al.: Automatic vulnerability detection for weakness visualization and advisory creation . ( 2015 ) and by Martin Ussath et al : A Theoretical Model of Lock-Keeper Data Exchange and its Practical Verification . ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored by M.G.W.and M.Eng . in the following order : M.L.I . Both were authored by Janie Peng et al . (2017 ) and M.O . (2018 . M.E . (2015 ) . and the latter was preceded by the authors : Analyzing Remote Desktop Protocol Traffic. ( 2016 .
Artem Polyvyanyy is the primary affiliation of the University of Melbourne , School of Computing and Information Systems , Australia . He was authored by Sander J. J. Leemans and Artem M. Poetty : Stochastic-Aware Conformance Checking : An Entropy-Based Approach . ( 2016 ) . He has also authored by Ahmed Awad et al.: Semantic Querying of Business Process Models . ( 2008 ) and also by Felix Elliger . He is the author of the book `` On Separation of Concurrency and Conflicts in Acyclic Process Models. (2020 ) .
Parisa Memarmoshrefi is the primary affiliation of the University of Gottingen , Institute for Computer Science , Germany and was authored by William Casey et al.: Deception , identity , and security : the game theory of sybil attacks . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of ParisaMemarmowi : An AI-Based Transmission Power-Control Certificate Omission in Mobile Ad-hoc Networks . ( 2015 ) and ParisaMarmowli : A Bio-Inspired Autonomous Authentication Mechanism inMobile Ad-Hoc Networks. ( 2013 ) . The latter was preceded by Parisa M.E . (2013 ) and William Casey & al.: Identity Deception and Game Deterrence via Signaling Games. ( 2016 . (2015 ) .
The primary affiliation of Oldenbourg Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is Michael Müller 0006 which was authored by Michael M.M.E . in 1986 . The university is also the primary affiliation for the University of Gottingen .
The Technical University of Dortmund , Department of Computer Science , Germany is the primary affiliation of Ben Hermann 0001 which is authored by the authors of the following books : Jacob Halzinger et al.: Hardening Java 's Access Control by Abolishing Implicit Privilege Elevation . ( 2015 ) , M.E.I.C . ( 2021 ) , Maximilian Schubert et al . Static data-flow analysis for software product lines in C.2022 and M.O . (2022 ) . ( 2016 ) .
The Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster , WWU , Germany is the primary affiliation of Muhammad Jawad 0002 which was authored in the following order : The following books were published in the year 2021 : The book was preceded by the book `` Muhammad Jawade et al.: Interactive Visual Analysis of Mass Spectrometry Imaging Data Using Linear and non-Linear Embeddings . (2019 ) . ( 2016 ) and the book '1921 . It was also authored by the following authors : The latter was also written in the same order : `` The Reference Study for the Study of Human Brain Tumors . ( 2021 ) , '' Muhammad J.D . (2021 ) and '1922 . (2020 ) , '1929 . ' and '2021 ' ( 2016 .
Frank Müller 0003 is the primary affiliation of the University of Duisburg-Essen in Germany . It was authored by Axel Hunger and Frank Muhller : Systematische Analyse der digitalen Fehlersimulation als Grundlage für die Entwicklung effizienter Parallelisierungsansätze . ( 1994 ) . It is also the author of the book The book The Infinitese : Modelling Hierarchy as Guideline for Parallel Simulation .
Sergio Roa is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following works : Sergio Roas et al.: Mapping between Compositional Semantic Representations and Lexical Semantic Resources : Towards Accurate Deep Semantic Parsing . ( 2008 ) , Sergio RoA et al : Fundamental Frequency Estimation Based on Pitch-Scaled Harmonic Filtering . ( 2007 ) , and SergioRoa & Fernando Niño : Classification of Natural Language Sentences using Neural Networks . ( 2003 ) . The latter was authored by him . ( 2004 ) and the latter was written in 2016 . He also authored in the same language . ( 2016 ) .
Salomon Sickert 's primary affiliation is the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , Israel . He was authored by Udi Boker et al.: On the Translation of Automata to Linear Temporal Logic. ( 2022 ) and Orna Kupferman et al : The 5th Reactive Synthesis Competition ( SyNTCOMP 2018 : Benchmarks , Participants & Results . ( 2019 ) . He is also the author of Jan Kretínský et Al.: One Theorem to Rule Them All : A Unified Translation of LTL into ω-Automata . ( 2021 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Saarland University , Information Systems , Saarbrücken , Germany is the University of Technology , Erlangen . It is the author of the books , titled , `` Ankur Sharma : Snapshot : friend or foe of data management - on optimizing transaction processing in database and blockchain systems . (2019 ) , '' which was authored by Felix Martin Schuhknecht et al.: ChainifyDB : How to get rid of your Blockchain and use your DBMS instead . ( 2018 ) , and `` The Case of Hyperledger Fabric . ( 2016 ) . '' . The latter was also authored by the latter was in the same publication . '' , which was preceded by the book , `` '' by the authored by `` '' , in the following order : '' , `` Kontakt : '' ( 2016 . ( 2021 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Berlin , Germany is the company of Ronny Hänsch who authored the books : The Trap Of Random Sampling and How to Avoid It - Alternative Sampling Strategies for a Realistic Estimate of the Generalization Error. ( 2015 ) , The Outcome of the 2021 IEEE GRSS Data Fusion Contest - Track MSD : Multitemporal Semantic Change Detection. (2022 ) and The Relationship between sampling strategies and the estimation of the generalization error. (2017 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the company 's co-authored by the author : Andreas Reigber et al.: Foundations for building detection in polarimetric SAR information. ( 2016) . (2021 ) .
Fei Zhang 0005 is the primary affiliation of the Gessellschaft für wissenschaftliche Datenverarbeitung mbH Göttingen , Germany and was authored by Fei Zhang et al.: CBase : A New Paradigm for Fast Virtual Machine Migration across Data Centers Based on Three-Layer Image Structure . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the Fei Zhang & al.: CRase : The Management of Virtual Machines in the Cloud Computing Environments . ( 2018 ) . The latter was preceded by the previous one , which was written by the latter in the same year . The previous one was written in the form of the same entity . ( 2017 ) . This was followed by the new data center structure . (2019 ) and the latter was also authored by the division of the 3-layer Image structure .
Peter Protzel 's primary affiliation is Fakultät für Elektrotechnik und Informationstechnik , Technische Universität Chemnitz . He was authored by Niko Sünderhauf et al.: Circular Convolutional Neural Networks for Panoramic Images and Laser Data in the year 2021 . He also authored the book `` Bella Bella '' which was co-authored by Peter Pöschmann and Niko Sanchez . The book `` Unsupervised Learning Methods for Visual Place Recognition in Discretely and Continuously Changing Environments . ( 2012 ) . ( 2015 ) . He is the author of both the book 'Stripped by 'Towards : Towards a robust back-end for pose graph SLAM . ( 2016 ) and 'Swed By ' which was preceded by 'Pipath mitigation in GNSS-based localization using robust optimization . ( 2013 ) .
Nils Pancratz is the primary affiliation of the University of Oldenburg in Germany and was authored by Ira Diethelm and Ira Molnar . They are the authors of the books that were published in the following order : Nils pancratz : Vorstellungen von Lernenden zum Aufbau von Informatiksystemen : eine multimethodische Untersuchung Von Lernvoraussetzungen tot genschuchung von KI entdecken! ( 2021 ) , EIN-Wittings en Teilen Hebras et al.: Gemeinsam KI Entdecken ! (2021 ) ( 2016 ) , NilsPrais denken Hebruner 's Perceptions of Computer Science Concepts . ( 2016 -2021 . ( 2015 ) . ( 202021 - 2021 . It was preceded by the book `` Nilsprais '' ( 2015-2021-2022 .
Redwan Abdo A. Mohammed is the primary affiliation of the University of Rostock , Institute of Computer Science . He is the author of the following books : The authors of the books : Redwan A.Mohammed et al.: Gaze Location Prediction with Depth Features as Auxiliary Information . ( 2014 ) , Redwan B.A.M. and Oliver G. Staadt : The Effects of Interior Bezels of Tiled Large High-Resolution Displays on Saliency Prediction and Human Eye Movement Behavior . ( 2015 ) , and the authors : The latter was also written in the same year . The latter is also authored in the latter was in the past . (2014 ) and the previous year . (2015 ) . and the latter is in the works . ( both were written in redwan Abdowt : Addressed to the Information Systems to the Centre of Gaze during Free Viewing . ( 2016 ) .
Helmut Hoyer is the primary affiliation of the University of Hagen in Germany and is the author of the following books : Michael Gerke et al.: From Simulation to Virtual Reality : A Robotic Application . ( 1994 ) , Ein Beitrag zur Entwicklung von digitalen Differentialanalysatoren für den Einsatz in Hybridrechnern. ( 1980 ) . He was authored by Helmut Hartoyer and his co-authored by Thomas Berkel et al . He is also the co-author of `` Martin Witte et al ! Virtuelles Labor-Nutzung in Echtzeit für Robotersysteme. (1997 ) . ( 1998 ) and `` Migrationsstrategie e-Learning . ( 1997 ) .
The Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt in Germany is affiliated with the Wolfgang Göttert 0001 which authored the book `` Wolfgang Gottingen : Einsatz von Mikrorechnern beim UP-Schweissen . ''
The German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence , DFKI , Kaiserslautern , Germany is the primary affiliation of Jason Rambach . He was authored by Yaxu Xie et al.: PlaneSegNet : Fast and Robust Plane Estimation Using a Single-stage Instance Segmentation CNN. ( 2021 ) and also by Yongzhi Su et al : SynPo-Net - Accurate and Fast CNN-Based 6DoF Object Pose Estimation using Synthetic Training . (2021 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . He is the author of the book which was published in the same year . The book was written in the previous year . It was preceded by the book `` XaxuXI : A6DoF object pose estimation dataset and benchmark for multi-state assembly objects . ( 2022 ) . It has been authored in the past .
Rudolf Mester is the primary affiliation of Goethe University in Frankfurt am Main , Germany . He was authored by Håkon Hukkelås et al.: Realistic Full-Body Anonymization with Surface-Guided GANs . ( 2011 ) and he is the author of the following works : Jan Fabian Schmid et al : Model-Based Parameter Optimization for Ground Texture Based Localization Methods. ( 2021 ) and Henry Bradler et Al.: Urban Traffic Surveillance ( UTS : A fully probabilistic 3D tracking approach based on 2D detections. (2021 ) , which was preceded by the work by the Karl Mester : Wiener crosses borders : interpolation based on second order models . (2011 ) . (2010 ) and the work of Alvaro Guevara and RudolfMester , who authored by the author , who was in the same year . (1921 ) .
The University of Hanover , Hannover , Germany is the primary affiliation of Wolfgang Mader 0001 . He authored the books : Wolfgang Mcker : On Vertices of outdegree n in minimally n-connected digraphs. ( 2002 ) , Wolfgang Maders : On vertices of even-connected graphs , reducing the edge-connectivity only by two. ( 1986 ) , and Wolfgang M. Mader : Kritisch n-fach kantenzusammenhängende Graphen. ( 1990 ) . The latter was authored in the same year . He also authored the book . He was the author of the book : Kolnisch N-Fach kandenzusAMmenhángende graphen . ( 1986 .
Regina Fischer and Marlies Rogalski : Datenbankgestütztes Kosten- und Erlöscontrolling : Konzept und Realisierung einer entscheidungsorienerten Erfolgsrechnung ; 2. überarbeitete Auflage . ( 1995 ) is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Germany , where Benjamin Tannert and Hendrik Wöhrle are both leaders . It is also the location of the university where Regina Fischer 0001 is the current Dean .
The CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany is the primary affiliation of Dominic Steinhöfel and Reiner Hähnle : Technical Report : Using Loop Scopes with for-Loops . (2019 ) and the DeGouw et al.: Verifying OpenJDK 's Sort Method for Generic Collections . ( 2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter .
Leif Bergerhoff and Joachim Weickert are the primary affiliation of Saarland University , Mathematical Image Analysis , Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of LeifBerhoff et al.: Stable Backward Diffusion and Repulsive Swarms with Convex Energies and Range Constraints . ( 2016 ) , which was authored by Leif Berhoff . He also is the co-author of the Leifcherhoff & Co. Algorithms for Piecewise Constant Signal Approximations . ( 2019 ) and Leifgerhoff & L.E.M. ( 2015 ) . The latter was also written in the same year .
Johannes Leupolz is the primary affiliation of the University of Augsburg in Germany . He is the author of the following publications : Axel Habermaier et al.: Unified Simulation , Visualization , and Formal Analysis of Safety-Critical Systems with S#. ( 2016 ) , and also of the publications : The following : Hemodialysis machine with S/2015 , and the following : The latter was also authored by him . He has also written the works : The publication of the journal 'Axel Habermeier et Al.: Quantitative and qualitative safety analysis of a hemodialization and measurement for Efficient Formal Safety Analysis of the same . ( 2016 . He was preceded by the publication of The journal 's `` ZERO Quantitative & qualitative and quantitative analysis of the latter was carried out in the same year .
The University of Münster in Germany is the primary affiliation of Norbert Becker 0002 which is authored by Norbert Becker . The book was published in 1990 and is authored in ökonomischen Differenzengleichungssystemen .
Max E. Kramer is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology , SDQ in Germany . He is the author of the following books : Max E Kramer et al.: A Controlled Experiment Template for Evaluating the Understandability of Model Transformation Languages. ( 2016 ) was authored by Jörg Kienzle : Mapping Aspect-Oriented Models to Aspect Oriented Code. (2010 ) and the Decemelded Modifications for Different Levels of Abstraction . ( 2011 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was also authored by Max EJ. Kramer and the latter was preceded by Materyna Yurchenko & Kirill Rakhman : Automated Inversion of Attribute Mappings in Bidirectional Model Transformations . ( 2016 . (2015 ) . He was also the authored by the latter . He has also authored the book The Decelded Code ( 2015 .
Alexander Ulrich and Torsten Grust : The Flatter , the Better : Query Compilation Based on the Flattening Transformation. ( 2013 ) and the Nested Data Parallelism Paradigm. ( 2019 ) are the primary authors of Alexanderulrich , Zürich , Switzerland . The latter book was authored by Alexander M. Ulrich , whose primary affiliation is Alexander Ullrich , who is also the owner of the company TorstenGrust et al.: Durchgängige Prozesssicht in Unterschiedlichen Domänen - Methoden und Werkzeug zum Einsatz der formalisierten Prozessesbeschreibung ( 2009 ) and his company is the company . He also authored by Torstengrust , who was also the author in the same year .
The Hochschule für Ökonomie in Berlin , Germany is affiliated with the Hans-Joachim Schmidt 0001 which authored the book `` Hans-joachim Scharf der Untersuchung der Zielgesamtheit in der Jahresproduktionsplanung von Industriekombinate . ( 1985 ) .
Meriem Trabelsi is the primary affiliation of the Tunis University in Tunisia and is the author of the books , Nahla Ben Amor et al.: Solving possibilistic games with Incomplete Information . ( 2022 ) and , also in the same year , the book , 'M'Titan 's `` Ordinal Polymatrix Games with In complete Information . '' .
Jens Lindemann 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Hamburg in Germany and is authored by both Jens Molnar et al.: Anonymity Online for Everyone : What Is Missing for Zero-Effort Privacy on the Internet . ( 2015 ) and Jens Lemann et al : Catching Inside Attackers : Balancing Forensic Detectability and Privacy of Employees . ( 2016 ) . The latter is the authored by the authors of Jens L.Eng . and the Ephraim Zimmer et al . which is the co-resident VMs via a memory-deduplication side-channel attack to detect App vendors and website owners honour their privacy rights in 2016 . (2015 .
Nadeschda Nikitina is the primary affiliation of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany and is the author of the following books : `` Nadejda Nikitsina et al.: Reasoning-Supported Interactive Revision of Knowledge Bases . ( 2011 ) , `` NadeshchdaNikitina and SvenSchewe : The newsEvents Ontology - An Ontology for Describing Business Events . ( 2009 ) , '' which was authored by both NadesChda Nikitaina and Lösch . ( 2012 ) . '' , `` '' . The latter was written in the same language . '' . It was authored in the following order : '' : '' , 'Echo : Forgetting in General EL Terminologies . (2009 ) , '2012 ' , ' and 'Nadeschta Nikiteria : Succinctness in EL ' ( 2013 ) . ( 2013 .
The primary affiliation of Kim Anh Nguyen 0001 is the University of Stuttgart , Institut für Maschinelle Sprachverarbeitung , Germany . He authored two Vietnamese Datasets for Evaluating Semantic Models of ( Dis )Similarity and Relatedness in a Pattern-based Neural Network in the year 2016 . The latter was authored by both Maximilian Köper et al.: Optimizing Visual Representations in Semantic Multi-modal Models with Dimensionality Reduction , Denoising and Contextual Information . ( 2016 . and the latter by the co-authored by the latter in the Year 2016 .
Andreas Wittmann 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg and was authored by Andreas Werten . The university 's primary affiliation is the Technical College Andreas which is affiliated with the university .
The primary affiliation of the university is the Philipps University of Marburg in Germany . The authors of the books are Christian Boß and Volker Roth : Trends und Perspektiven - Systementwickler . ( 1990 ) , which is authored by both the latter two . The book was also authored by the following : The authors are : The latter two are : the authors of both the books : The book `` Vater Roth : Datenverarbeitungsberufe im Wandel : industrie- und berufssoziologische Untersuchung zu Entwicklungstrends und -Perspektiv - Systemprogrammierer . (1990 ) and the book was written in the book is also written in der DatenVerwandel : The Grunde : The Torpedo Heitenversituation in den Dv-Berufen. ( 1990 , and the work '' , which was authored in the same year . ( 1993 ) , and also in the following order : DeWitten ( 1990 .
Uwe Schwiegelshohn is the primary affiliation of Technical University Dortmund , Germany and was authored by Jochen Krallmann et al.: Smart SMART Bounds for Weighted Response Time Scheduling . ( 1998 ) and the authorship of the books Carsten Franke & al.: Greedy Scheduling with Complex Obejectives . ( 2007 ) . The latter book was also authored by Uwe Wegelshohn , who in turn was the author of the book `` The Vegetables : Grids als neue Komponenten des Integrierten Informationsmanagements . ( 2009 ) . ( 2008 ) . UweWigelshohn . ( 2006 ) .
Madlen Wuttke : Proaktive Agenten im Lernkontext : Die Auswirkungen neuer Inputkanäle in der lernstoffvermittelnden Mensch-Computer-Interaktion . ( 2014 ) was authored by Madlen Meeller-Wuttke and Michael Heidt . The latter is the author of the books : Madlen wuttke et al.: Proactive Functions of a Pedagogical Agent - Steps for Implementing a Social Catalyst Function . ( 2016 ) and the book : The Outlook for the Validation of a Natural User Interface . ( 2017 ) . The book was also authored by the latter . They are the authors of the book that was authored in the same year . The authors are Andreas Bischof et al.? Interdisziplinäre Impulse für den Begriff `` Interaktion '' ( 2014 .
Wolf-Ekkehard Blanz is the primary affiliation of the Siemens Molecular Imaging in Knoxville , TN , USA . He authored W.E. Blanz and W. E. Gish : Comparing the Performance of Connectionist and Statistical Classifiers on an Image Segmentation Problem . ( 1989 ) . He was also authored by both B. J. Straub and L.C . Sanz : A Connectionist Classifier architecture applied to image segmentation . ( 1990 ) .
The Polytechnic of Porto is affiliated to Konstantinos Bletsas and Stefan M. Petters . They are the authors of the following books : Borislav Nikolic et al.: Worst-Case Communication Delay Analysis for NoC-Based Many-Cores Using a Limited Migrative Model . ( 2016 ) , Guillem Bernat & al.: WCET Analysis of Probabilistic Hard Real-Time System . ( 2002 ) and Robert I. Davis et al : Global fixed priority scheduling with deferred pre-emption . ( 2013 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . Heiko Falk et al . emsoft'12 invited talk session outline . ( 2012 ) and the latter was also authored by Stefan M Petters in the same year .
The Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt in Germany is affiliated with the Wolfgang Göttert 0001 which authored the book `` Wolfgang Gottingen : Einsatz von Mikrorechnern beim UP-Schweissen . ''
René Weller is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Faculty of Mathematics , Computer Science . He authored J. Cepok et al.: Kinaptic - Techniques and insights for creating competitive accessible 3D games for sighted and visually impaired users in the year 2016 . He was authored by Gabor Scharf and Rene Hartel . He is also the author of J.Cepok & al.: Identifier : A Reactive Multithreaded Pipeline Library for 3D Telepresence in VR . ( 2016 ) . He and Gabriel Zachmann : The latter was also the authored by Jörn Teuber et al . That publication was preceded by the work that was followed by the book J.D.L.I . That book was also written in the entity-component-system pattern for realtime interactive systems. ( 2016 .
Davide Chicco and Giuseppe Jurman : Arterial Disease Computational Prediction and Health Record Feature Ranking Among Patients Diagnosed With Inflammatory Bowel Disease . ( 2021 ) is more reliable than balanced accuracy , bookmaker informedness , and markedness in two-class confusion matrix evaluation . ( 2014 ) . It was authored by Davidechco and Luca Oneto : Data analytics and clinical feature ranking of medical records of patients with sepsis . (2021 ) . The latter was preceded by the publication of the book Delphco et al.: The Matthews correlation coefficient ( MCC . ( 2011 ) . DavideChicco and Marco Masseroli : Extended Spearman and Kendall Coefficients for Gene Annotation List Correlation . (2014 ) . ( 2015 ) .
Laura Kallmeyer is the primary affiliation of Heinrich Heine University in Düsseldorf , Germany . She is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : `` Bella Mauer et al.: Coarse Lexical Frame Acquisition at the Syntax-Semantics Interface Using a Latent-Variable PCFG Model . ( 2003 ) , 'Weeds Samih et al.Al.: A Neural Architecture for Dialectal Arabic Segmentation. (2017 ) and 'Wegmen & Grausswald : An Analysis of Directed Motion Expressions with Lexicalized Tree Adjoining Grammars and Frame Semantics. (2000 ) . ( 2016 ) . ' and 'UnsupervisedLexical Frame Induction ' ( 2016 . ( 2015 ) , the latter was authored by 'Shegmen and 'Towards - Ein Korpusannotierungsstandard Zur Unterstützung (2017 . (2018 ) .
Alexander Kulik is the primary affiliation of the Bauhaus University of Weimar , Computer Science and Media Department in Germany . He was authored by André Kunert et al.: The Globefish : A novel input device for desktop-based 3D interaction . ( 2009 ) and by Tim Weißker et al : Spatial Updating and Simulator Sickness During Steering and Augmented Reality in Everyday Context ( VARECo ) . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of Alexander Kudlik et al . The latter work . He also authored by the latter work and was the co-authored by the authors : The Groovepad : A Handheld Device for 3D-Presentations . ( 2012 ) .
Carsten Thomas : Hierarchical object nets-a methodology for graphical modeling of discrete event systems . ( 1993 ) is the primary affiliation of the Braunschweig University of Technology in Germany . The University is affiliated with CarstenThomas : Ein objektorientiertes Konzept zur Modellierung und Simulation komplexer Systeme . ( 1996 ) .
The CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany is the primary affiliation of Dominic Steinhöfel and Reiner Hähnle : Technical Report : Using Loop Scopes with for-Loops . (2019 ) and the DeGouw et al.: Verifying OpenJDK 's Sort Method for Generic Collections . ( 2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter .
The primary affiliation of Feng Cheng 0002 is the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam and it was authored by both Marian Gawron et al.: Automatic vulnerability detection for weakness visualization and advisory creation . ( 2015 ) and by Martin Ussath et al : A Theoretical Model of Lock-Keeper Data Exchange and its Practical Verification . ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored by M.G.W.and M.Eng . in the following order : M.L.I . Both were authored by Janie Peng et al . (2017 ) and M.O . (2018 . M.E . (2015 ) . and the latter was preceded by the authors : Analyzing Remote Desktop Protocol Traffic. ( 2016 .
The Technische Universität Dresden in Germany is the primary affiliation of Denise Bornschein . She is the author of the books : Denise Prescher et al.: Comparing Two Approaches of Tactile Zooming on a Large Pin-Matrix Device . (2017 ) , the authors : Martin Spindler et al : Translating Floor Plans into Directions . ( 2012 ) , and the book `` DenisePrescher & Gerhard Weber : Comparing two Approaches : Compiling Two Methods : Determining Properties of the Electronic Purity Modifier . ( 2014 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the book by the prequel to the publication of the printed circuit . ( 2015 ) . and the author : Collaborative Creation of the HyperBraille pin-matrix . (2015 ) .
Martin Suda 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Czech Technical University in Prague , Czech Republic . It was authored by Bernhard Gleiss and Martin Olaf Beyersdorff et al.: Lifting QBF Resolution Calculi to DQBF . ( 2014 ) . It is also authored by both Christoph Weidenbach & al.: SPASS Version 3.5 . ( 2009 ) .
The primary affiliation of the HPI , University of Potsdam in Germany is the company of Stefan Neumann 0002 which was authored by Thomas Vogel et al.: Modular timing analysis of component-based real-time embedded systems. ( 2009 ) and Andreas Seibel et al : Dynamic hierarchical mega models : comprehensive traceability and its efficient maintenance . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter .
Johannes Schauer Marin Rodrigues is the primary affiliation of Julius-Maximilians-Universität Würzburg , Germany and is the author of the books : The authors of the following : The following : Johannes Schau and Andreas Nüchter : Digitizing automotive production lines without interrupting assembly operations through an automatic voxel-based removal of moving objects in 3D Point Clouds . ( 2016 ) , and the book `` The KITTI dataset . '' . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by Johann Schauer . He was also authored by Pietro Abate and Andreas Schauer : Collision detection between point clouds using an efficient k-d tree implementation . (2013 ) . ( 2015 ) , the latter was preceded by the book 'Joharmar Rodrigues . ( 2014 ) .
The University of Hanover , Hannover , Germany is the primary affiliation of Wolfgang Mader 0001 . He authored the books : Wolfgang Mcker : On Vertices of outdegree n in minimally n-connected digraphs. ( 2002 ) , Wolfgang Maders : On vertices of even-connected graphs , reducing the edge-connectivity only by two. ( 1986 ) , and Wolfgang M. Mader : Kritisch n-fach kantenzusammenhängende Graphen. ( 1990 ) . The latter was authored in the same year . He also authored the book . He was the author of the book : Kolnisch N-Fach kandenzusAMmenhángende graphen . ( 1986 .
Michael A. Kochte is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Institute of Computer architecture and Computer Engineering in Germany . He was authored by both Hongyan Zhang et al.: GUAranteed Reliability in Dynamically Reconfigurable Systems ( 2014 ) and the authors of both the books are : Michael A Kochte et al : Test exploration and validation using transaction level models . ( 2009 ) . The latter was preceded by the work of both Stefan Hillebrecht and Hans-Joachim Wunderlich and the `` Accurate QBF-based test pattern generation in the absence of unknown values '' in the presence of unknown value based on restricted symbolic logic . ( 2013 ) . (2014 ) . He also authored by the latter was the book `` Xandis et al . (2013 ) .
Sebastian Baltes is the primary affiliation of QAware in Germany . He is the author of the following books : SebastianBaltes et al.: Linking Sketches and Diagrams to Source Code Artifacts . (2017 ) , Raula Gaikovina Kula & al.: Challenges for Inclusion in Software Engineering : The Case of the Emerging Papua New Guinean Society . (2022 ) , Jakun Liu et al . ( 2021 ) and Fabian Beck et al.; RegViz : Supporting the Lifecycle of Software DevelopmentSketches from Analog to Digital and Back . ( 2017 ) . ( 2016 ) , and Sebastian Baltices and Markus Wagner : An annotated dataset of stack overflow post edits . (2020 ) .
The University of Paderborn in Germany is affiliated with the Jürgen Vollmer 0002 which was authored in 1997 . The university 's primary affiliation is the University of Gottingen which is affiliated to the Jian Cheng 0005 school . The University is the primary affiliation of the University , which is authored by J.G . Vollmar 0002 .
The primary affiliation of Nazario Cipriani is the University of Stuttgart and it is the location of the university where the doctoral student is called Andreas Brodt . The book is written in the following order : `` The authors of the book are : `` Zawriani et al.: Sicherer Zugriff und sichere Verarbeitung von Kontextdatenströmen in einer verteilten Umgebung . '' ( 2014 ) , `` The author 's responsibility is for the work of 'Livestriff '' , 'Olivier Schiller et alitta ProRea : live database migration for multi-tenant RDBMS with snapshot isolation '' (2013 ) , 'Wendung im World Wide Space. (2009 ) , '' and 'Nazario CIPriani : Design Considerations of a Flexible Data Stream Processing Middleware. ( 2011 , ' ( 2009 ) . The latter was authored by '
Steffen Zeidler 0002 is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt in Germany . It is also the primary affiliate of SteffenZeidler 02 , which was authored by Steffen Zidler 0001 . The latter is affiliated with SteffenZidler LLC , which has Wolfgang Göttert 0001 as its primary affiliation .
Michael Schmitz 0003 is the primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the book Entwurf einer Bilddatenbank als Teil eines zahnmedizinischen Abteilungsinformationssystems . ( 1997 ) .
The University of Trier in Germany is affiliated with the university of teller , Sergej Chludov who authored the book `` Entwicklung von Algorithmen und Programmen für ein Archivierungs- und Kommunikationssystem zur internetbasierten Verwaltung medizinischer Bilder . ''
The primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Germany is Christoph Günther 0003 , which authored the book `` Christophgaunther : Programmierung eines Auswertungsmoduls für die dBase-Datenbank NOTA in der Programmiersprache C. ( 1997 ) '' .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of the Institute which is affiliated with the following cities : Jörg Fischer 0001 , Johann Heinrich Hoppe and Swati Chandna 0001 . The Institute 's primary affiliation is the Nadeschda Nikitina and its affiliation is Sheng Li : Verteilte Steuerung von kooperativen autonomen mobilen Robotern für Transportaufgaben . ( 1996 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt (Chemnitz ) in Germany is the Mathias Nagel Institute for Mathematisch-statistische Modelle für die Kontrolle der mikrobiologischen Belastung von Gewässern . ( 1984 ) .
The primary affiliation of Rainer Knauf is TU Ilmenau , Department of Computer Science and Automatation , Germany . He authored the books : `` Kita Arai et al.: A Part-of-Speech Based Sentiment Classification Method Considering Subject-Predicate Relation. ( 2015 ) , '' '' '' , `` '' , '' `` TU Hilmenau et al : TU Authored : 'Takashi Kawabe & al.: Advident : Compulsion : Advised : Personalizing Learning Processes by Data Mining. ( 2009 ) , ' , ' and ' '' , ' which was authored by 'Toward Making Didactics a Subject of Knowledge Engineering. ( 2007 and '2009 ' . ( 2009 . ' , and ' ' in ' , both were authored by the authors : The latter was followed by ' , `` Shuqiyoshi Kubota et al . (2010 , ' respectively . and ' in the latter was ' , respectively . in the same year . ' . He was also the author of ' , which was preceded by ' by ' ' , the latter by ' Shuqiaziko Kubota & ' , in which was also written in the following order : ' . The latter is also the work of ' by `` The authors : ' , '' which was the authors of which , was also in the works of ' : `` Tomitaka Sakurai et alitta : Proposal and Evaluation of a Reliable Multimedia Utilization Method for Reliable Web Based Collaboration ' ( 2009 and '09 respectively . ' which is the sequel to 'Youssef & 'Engines : '' . He 's also authored ' : ' : '' , which is based on 'TU Hilmanau ' . This was the prequel to 'Tubota ' , Shuqisho Kubota and 'was ' , Kowalto : A Search Method That Can Dynamically Learn User 's Subjective Feeling . (2009 ) and '08 . He also wrote 'YOSHitaka ' , whose authorship is 'Tudashi Kawabete & 'Li : A ' , that can be traced to ': ' , while 'was the author 'tood : ' and also 'TOSHITaka ' et al: 'Echo : ' that was 'toward : `` Tuhashi ' . It was also followed by the 'Tashi ' & 'Tohashi ' etAl.: A Search
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of the academic Adrian Heinrich Hoppe . He was authored by the following : He was the author of the following works : The authors of the books : The Deccan Herald , Heppe et al.: ShiSha : Enabling Shared Perspective With Face-to-Face Collaboration Using Redirected Avatars in Virtual Reality. ( 2021 ) , He was also the authored by : Helder Hoppe et Al.: Interaction with Three Dimensional Objects : Using Modified World Views to Overcome Real-Life Limitations in Virtual reality. ( 2016 ) , The Electronic Environments in the year '2021 , the printed in the Year '1821 , and the authorship of the Eternity : Increasing the Usability and Productivity of Virtual Environments. (2021 ) . (2018 ) , and also the authors : The latter was written by the latter was also in the same year . Heppe , who was also authored by both the author : The book '1818 . Helder ' was the co-authored by the book '1918 and the author 'Adrian Heinrich Heppe ' , which was also written by '1921 . Hepper Hoppe and Heppe which was written in the form of the latter ' , was the book `` Adhere : An affiliate of the eternity with the Low Vision in the Virtual reality . (2020 ) . The latter is also the work of the author , Admirall Hoppe , whose primary affiliation is the Karlshe Institute Of Technology . The authors are : The following : The author of this book was also Adrian Heppe : Heppe and his co-author was : Heier Hoppe 's : The Orthopedic Ortho-Influenced by : `` Admiral Hoppe : Eterna : Interaction of Distant and Local Users in a Collaborative Virtual Eternality. (2018 '18 ) , which is also known as 'Admiral Heinrich ' , who has also authored the works : Admiralle : Calibration of Diversion of Diverse Tracking Systems to Enable Local Collaborative Mixed Reality . ( 2018 ) and '18-1919 . The author 's work was also edited by : The Co-author ' : The 'Helder ' and 'Eterna ' : 'Ilder Heinrich was also involved in ': Interaction With ' with ' the 'Influ
The primary affiliation of the Technische Universität München , Lehrstuhl für Integrierte Systeme in Germany is Philipp Wagner 0001 . The authors of the books are : The authors : The LinLi et al.: A Rule-based Methodology for Hardware Configuration Validation in Embedded Systems. ( 2016 ) , the authors : Stefan Wallentowitz et al . Open Tiled Manycore System-on-Chip ( 2013 ) , and the Plenipotentiary Information Systems ( 2014 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written by the author , Philipp Wagner . ( 2013 . The author : A non-intrusive, operating system independent spinlock profiler for embedded multicore systems. (2013 ) and the author : The author of the Torpedo Systems ( 2016 .
The primary affiliation of Hendrik Wöhrle is the University of Bremen in Germany . He was authored by both Mario Michael Krell et al.: A Dataflow-based Mobile Brain Reading System on Chip with Supervised Online Calibration - For Usage without Acquisition of Training Data . ( 2013 ) and by Marc Tabie et al : An Adaptive Spatial Filter for User-Independent Single Trial Detection of Event-Related Potentials . ( 2014 ) . He is the author of both the books that were written in the same year . He also authored by the latter . He has been the co-author of the latter and the book that was published in the year 2014 . He authored by him . The latter was preceded by the book which was written in 2015 .
The University of Bonn in Germany is the primary affiliation of Martin Fischer 0005 which was authored by Dieter W. Fellner and Martin Fischer : Computer graphics interface ( CGI ) , a good concept and a valuable tool for research and teaching in computer graphics . ( 1996 ) and Jens Ketterer et al.: On Spatial Quantization of Color Images . ( 1998 ) .
Jil Klünder 's primary affiliation is Leibniz University Hannover , Germany and he is the author of the following books : Nils Prenner et al.: Defining Frames to Structure Agile Development in Hybrid Settings - A Multi-Case Interview Study. ( 2022 ) , Marc Herrmann and Jilklünder : From Textual to Verbal Communication : Towards Applying Sentiment Analysis to a Software Project Meeting - A Case Study . ( 2021 ) - A Systematic Literature Review . (2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . This publication was preceded by the book by the authors : These are the authors . (2018 ) . It was also authored in the following year . The authors were also the authors of this publication . Jil Karras et al . Linking Use Cases and Associated Requirements - A Software project Meeting .
Dieter Lorenz 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Bielefeld in Germany and was authored by Robert Giegerich and DieterLorenz : ViSeL - An interactive course in DNA Sequencing . ( 1998 ) .
Peter Lindner 0001 is affiliated with the RWTH Aachen University in Germany and is authored by Martin Grohe and PeterLindner : The theory of infinite probabilistic databases . ( 2022 ) and also by Nofar Carmeli et al.: Tuple-Independent Representations of Infinite Probabilistic Databases. ( 2021 ) . The latter was authored by Peter Grohe & Peter Lindners . (2020 ) .
The Technical University of Munich in Germany is the primary affiliation of Mai Bui 0001 which is authored by the following authors : The authors of the following books are : The following : The book was written in the following order : `` Haowen Deng et al.: 6D Camera Relocalization in Ambiguous Scenes via Continuous Multimodal Inference . (2020 ) , `` Mai Biu et al : Dealing with Uncertainty and Ambiguity in Pose Estimation . ( 2016 ) , '' `` '' , `` '' and `` '' . The book `` '' which was authored by '' in the same language '' , '' was also published in the year 's Enfanticipation in Ambambuity via Condivision . ( 2020 ) , '1916 '' , '1818 , '2021 ' , and 'Mai Bui et al . ( 2021 ) .
Guido Schmitz is the primary affiliation of Royal Holloway , University of London , UK and is the author of Daniel Fett et al.: A Comprehensive Formal Security Analysis of OAuth 2.0. ( 2016 ) , which was authored in the following order : : The authors of Guido SPRESSO : A Secure , Privacy-Respecting Single Sign-On System for the Web. ( 2015 ) , and the authors of the following : The An In-Depth Symbolic Verification Framework for Executable Cryptographic Protocol Code. ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , Guido Shmitz 's ( 2015 . The latter is also known as GuidoSchmitz . (3021 ) and Daniel Flemish , LLC DY*: A Modular Symbolic Security analysis of the ACME Standard . 2021 , both were written in the same year .
The University of Hamburg , Germany is the primary affiliation of Stefan Bietz who authored the books : Therese Inhester et al.: Index-Based Searching of Interaction Patterns in Large Collections of Protein-Ligand Interfaces . ( 2016 ) , The authors : Kai Sommer & Matthias Rarey : Discriminative Chemical Patterns : Automatic and Interactive Design . ( 2015 ) and the authors : Ligand-based virtual screening . ( 2017 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the book `` Bella Motta mRAISE '' . It is the work of the latter 's co-authored by the authors . It was also authored by The Information Systems : A Powerful and Easy-to-Use Compound Library Converter . (2016 ) .
The Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is affiliated to the school of Matthias Daum 0002 which authored the book Matthias daum : Mobile Roboter im Lager : rationelle Kommissionierung . ( 1990 ) .
Gullal S. Cheema et al.: Check_square at CheckThat! 2020 Claim Detection in Social Media via Fusion of Transformer and Syntactic Features . ( 2021 ) was authored by Sherzod Hakimov , who is affiliated with the Leibniz Association for Science and Technology in Hanover , Germany . He is the author of the books : Kader Pustu-Iren et Al.: Visualizing Copyright-Protected Video Archive Content Through Similarity Search. (2021 ) , GullAL S.Cheema et Alto Check_Warrant for Analyzing Claims in Social media . ( 2016 ) and also the book `` Gullala S.C.W.Expedition: Multilingual Semantic Parsing for QEval '20 : On the Role of Images for Analyzed Claims in Sport Media.2021 '' and `` W.O.W . '' , both of which were authored by him . He was also authored by the latter .
Nico Potyka is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Institute for Parallel and Distributed Systems in Germany . He was authored by both Christoph Beierle et al.: Extending and Completing Probabilistic Knowledge and Beliefs Without Bias and the Java Library Attractor . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of the books : `` NicoPotyka : Some Notes on the Factorization of probabilistic Logical Models under Maximum Entropy Semantics . ( 2013 ) and `` Bo Xiong et al : Semi-Riemannian Graph Convolutional Networks. ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , '' which was preceded by `` '' . ( 2015 . '' and `` '' , which was co-authored by `` `` by '' , `` The Poetyka: Interpreting Neural Networks as Gradual Argumentation Frameworks ( Including Proof Appendix . '' . , `` 2021 '' , '' both of which were authored by `` Christoph beierle & al.: Affirmations with Consistent and Inconsistent Information . ( 2022 . `` and `` He was also the authored by '' . The latter was also by `` The Coincidentally '' . He 's also the `` Coincidented by `` , ' which was also written by `` Heimings '' . `` . '' , the latter was followed by `` by `` Co. '' . '' in which `` Co' was previously written . '' ( 2016 . He has also been the co-author of `` Co . ' and `` Co ' , which in turn was the author ' of `` The `` Co -authored by '' `` `` `` Co-authored '' by `` BoXiong , '' while `` Co : Addressed to ' to `` Co: PoPoyka ' ( 2015 ) . This was the Co: Co: po : Solving Reasoning Problems for Compulsionary Conditional Logics with Compulsory and 'Novelty : Deliving Reasoning ' ( 2016-2015 . ' , ' and 'Otcheka : The General Framework for Minimum Entropy ' ( 2012 ) . ' . It was also preceded by ' ' by 'Tolting Reasoning : A Tutorial for Weighted Bipolar Argumentation with Conditional Systems and 'Influenced By ' including Proof . ( 1923 - 2016 . ' -2015 .
Mark Minas is the primary affiliation of the Bundeswehr University in Munich , Germany . He was authored by Frank Drewes et al.: Approximating Parikh Images for Generating Deterministic Graph Parsers and their languages . ( 2009 ) . He is also the author of Steffen Mazanek et al : Investigating Uni-stroke gesture input for diagram editors on large wall-mounted touchscreens . ( 2017 ) and also Frank Doodes & al.: Pozifikation von Diagrammeditoren mit automatischer Layoutanpassung . ( 1993 ) . ( 2003 ) and Frank Drewesh et al!: Approximation von Diagonal Modalities as a Showcase for Syntax-Based Assistance in Diagram Editors . ( 2005 ) and its languages. ( 2009 . ( 2016 ) .
Simon Harrer is the primary affiliation of the Universität Bamberg in Germany . He is the author of the following books : Jörg Lenhard et al.: Lessons Learned from Evaluating Workflow Management Systems. ( 2014 ) , Christian R. Preißinger & al.: Towards Standard Conformant BPEL Engines : The Case of Static Analysis. (2014 ) and Simon Hartrer : Process Engine Selection Support. ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was also authored by J.P.Engines with BPELlint . ( 2015 ) . He has also authored the book `` Jolnhard et Al.: BPMN 2.0 : The Foundations for Complex Middleware Products . ( 2016 . Heated and Isolated Test for Compulsory Workflow Engine Benchmarking . (2016 ) .
Frank Hoffmann 0001 is the primary affiliation of TU Dortmund , Institute of Control Theory and Systems Engineering in Germany . He was authored by Jan Braun et al.: Co-evolutionary particle swarm optimization for min-max problems using Gaussian distribution . ( 2004 ) and also by Thomas Nierobisch & al.: Optimal Large View Visual Servoing with Sets of SIFT Features . ( 2011 ) . He is also the author of Frank Hartmann 03 which was the authored by Christoph Rösmann et al .
Matthias Wübbeling is the primary affiliation of the University of Bonn in Germany and he authored the books : Timo Malderle et al.: Credential Intelligence Agency : A Threat Intelligence Approach to Mitigate Identity Theft . ( 2016 ) , Daniel Gruss et al : Generalizing the use-After-free Problem and Applying it to Email Services . ( 2018 ) and Timo Molning and Michael Meier : The Management of the Identifier Leaks using Threat Intelligence . (2018 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was also authored by the latter .
Alexander Bauer 0002 is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany and is authored by Alexander Bauer : Probabilistische Szenenmodelle für die Luftbildauswertung . ( 2014 ) .
The University of Hanover , Hannover , Germany is the primary affiliation of Wolfgang Mader 0001 . He authored the books : Wolfgang Mcker : On Vertices of outdegree n in minimally n-connected digraphs. ( 2002 ) , Wolfgang Maders : On vertices of even-connected graphs , reducing the edge-connectivity only by two. ( 1986 ) , and Wolfgang M. Mader : Kritisch n-fach kantenzusammenhängende Graphen. ( 1990 ) . The latter was authored in the same year . He also authored the book . He was the author of the book : Kolnisch N-Fach kandenzusAMmenhángende graphen . ( 1986 .
Gerrit Lochmann is the primary affiliation of the University of Koblenz-Landau in Germany and is the author of the books : Gerrit Lohmann : Latency Reduction for Real-Time Rendering and its Application to VR Training Scenarios . ( 2016 ) , Liesa Reitz et al.: VR-Based Gamification of Communication Training and Oral Examination in a Second Language . ( 2014 ) and the book `` Gerrit Larmann : '' . The latter was authored by GerritLohmann , the latter was written in the same year . He was also authored by Laura Haraké et al.; Tingue S(t)imulator - A Comprehensive Parametrized Pose Model for Speech Therapy . ( 2015 ) .
The German Aerospace Center is the primary affiliation of Stephan Pfletschinger who was authored by Giuseppe Cocco et al.: Seek and decode : Random access with physical-layer network coding and multiuser detection . ( 2016 ) . He was also authored by Paul Unterhuber and Frieder Sanzi : A Survey of Channel Measurements and Models for Current and Future Railway Communication Systems . ( 2014 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter .
Yongjie Yang 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Central South University , School of Information Science and Engineering in Changsha , China and was authored by Gábor Erdélyi et al.: Improved kernel and algorithm for claw and diamond free edge deletion based on refined observations . ( 2022 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Yongjiie Yang : On the Complexity of Constructive Control Under Nearly Single-Peaked Preferences . ( 2016 ) and `` GájieYang: On the Expertise : Solving Open Problems for Control in Elections . (2019 ) '' . The latter was preceded by the book 'Wenjun Li & Jianxin Wang : Complexity and Strategyproofness . (2018 ) . (2022 ) and 'YJie Yang ' which was written in the same language . ' which is the prequel to ' to ' that was the authored by ' to the ' ( 2016 .
The Technical University in Munich , Germany is the primary affiliation of Cornelius Diekmann and Lars Hupel : Theorem-prover-based synthesis of secure network configurations . ( 2015 ) and ( 2016 ) . They are the authors of both the books , CorneliusDiekmann et al.: Verifying Security Policies Using Host Attributes . ( 2014 ) and the works of both T.H.L .I.Semantics . ( 2016 . and the book , respectively . The latter was authored by both the authors , and the latter was also written by the latter . The authors , respectively , in the form of the book `` Cornelius diekmann , which was written in the same language . (2015 ) , and also to be found in the following : Iptables_Semantics. (2016 . (2016 ) .
Uwe Nagel 0002 is affiliated with the University of Konstanz , Department of Computer and Information Science and was authored by both Ulrik Brandes et al.: Understanding the Composition of an Ensemble of Personal Networks . (2010 ) and Immanuel Bayer et al : Bisociative Discovery of Interesting Relations between Domains . ( 2013 ) . The latter book was preceded by the previous book , which was written by Michael R Berthold et al ; Pure spreading activation is pointless . ( 2009 ) .
The University of Kaiserslautern , Germany is the primary affiliation of the Markus Junker 0002 which was authored by Andreas P. Schmidt and Mark Junker . The authors are Armin Hust et al.: Combining Ontologies and Document Retrieval Techniques : A Case Study for an E-Learning Scenario . ( 2002 ) and ArminHoch : Clarifying OCR and Non-OCR Text Representations for Learning Document Classifiers . ( 2003 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It is also the author of the Markus Junker which was preceded by the book Arminjunker and Andreas Junker : Mining Documents for Complex Semantic Relations by the Use of Context Classification . (2002 ) . This book was also published in the same year . It was also authored by both the latter and the book 's authors .
Michael Müller 0007 is the primary affiliation of Kaiserslautern University of Technology in Germany and was authored by him . The book was published in 1983 .
Michael A. Kochte is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Institute of Computer architecture and Computer Engineering in Germany . He was authored by both Hongyan Zhang et al.: GUAranteed Reliability in Dynamically Reconfigurable Systems ( 2014 ) and the authors of both the books are : Michael A Kochte et al : Test exploration and validation using transaction level models . ( 2009 ) . The latter was preceded by the work of both Stefan Hillebrecht and Hans-Joachim Wunderlich and the `` Accurate QBF-based test pattern generation in the absence of unknown values '' in the presence of unknown value based on restricted symbolic logic . ( 2013 ) . (2014 ) . He also authored by the latter was the book `` Xandis et al . (2013 ) .
Nico Potyka is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Institute for Parallel and Distributed Systems in Germany . He was authored by both Christoph Beierle et al.: Extending and Completing Probabilistic Knowledge and Beliefs Without Bias and the Java Library Attractor . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of the books : `` NicoPotyka : Some Notes on the Factorization of probabilistic Logical Models under Maximum Entropy Semantics . ( 2013 ) and `` Bo Xiong et al : Semi-Riemannian Graph Convolutional Networks. ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , '' which was preceded by `` '' . ( 2015 . '' and `` '' , which was co-authored by `` `` by '' , `` The Poetyka: Interpreting Neural Networks as Gradual Argumentation Frameworks ( Including Proof Appendix . '' . , `` 2021 '' , '' both of which were authored by `` Christoph beierle & al.: Affirmations with Consistent and Inconsistent Information . ( 2022 . `` and `` He was also the authored by '' . The latter was also by `` The Coincidentally '' . He 's also the `` Coincidented by `` , ' which was also written by `` Heimings '' . `` . '' , the latter was followed by `` by `` Co. '' . '' in which `` Co' was previously written . '' ( 2016 . He has also been the co-author of `` Co . ' and `` Co ' , which in turn was the author ' of `` The `` Co -authored by '' `` `` `` Co-authored '' by `` BoXiong , '' while `` Co : Addressed to ' to `` Co: PoPoyka ' ( 2015 ) . This was the Co: Co: po : Solving Reasoning Problems for Compulsionary Conditional Logics with Compulsory and 'Novelty : Deliving Reasoning ' ( 2016-2015 . ' , ' and 'Otcheka : The General Framework for Minimum Entropy ' ( 2012 ) . ' . It was also preceded by ' ' by 'Tolting Reasoning : A Tutorial for Weighted Bipolar Argumentation with Conditional Systems and 'Influenced By ' including Proof . ( 1923 - 2016 . ' -2015 .
Alexander Kulik is the primary affiliation of the Bauhaus University of Weimar , Computer Science and Media Department in Germany . He was authored by André Kunert et al.: The Globefish : A novel input device for desktop-based 3D interaction . ( 2009 ) and by Tim Weißker et al : Spatial Updating and Simulator Sickness During Steering and Augmented Reality in Everyday Context ( VARECo ) . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of Alexander Kudlik et al . The latter work . He also authored by the latter work and was the co-authored by the authors : The Groovepad : A Handheld Device for 3D-Presentations . ( 2012 ) .
Michael Kamp is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of Michael Kamp et al.: Beating Human Analysts in Nowcasting Corporate Earnings by Using Publicly Available Stock Price and Correlation Features . ( 2014 ) , He authored Meirui Jiang et al : TsmoBN : Interventional Generalization for Unseen Clients in Federated Learning . ( 2021 ) and was authored by Michael Kamp . ( 2016 ) . He has also authored by the authors : Efficient Decentralized Deep Learning by Dynamic Model Averaging . ( 2018 ) and the co-authored by both the latter . ( 2013 . He was also the authors of the latter publication .
The primary affiliation of the Fraunhofer Institute for Digital Media Technology ( IDMT ) in Oldenburg , Germany is Carlos F da Silva Souto et al.: Flex-Printed Ear-EEG Sensors for Adequate Sleep Staging at Home . ( 2021 ) . This book was authored by Carlos F. da Silva Sanchez , who is the author of Carlos Filipe da Silva souto : Speech-related brain responses as a basis for auditory brain-computer interfaces . (2019 ) .
The Hochschule der Bayerischen Wirtschaft is affiliated to the Institute of Technology and is the primary affiliation of it . It is authored by both the authors , Steffi Leimer et al.: eLearning als Teil einer serviceorientierten Hochchulinfrastruktur ( 2008 ) and by the author , Ivan Gergintchev . The latter was authored by the latter in the year 2004 . It was preceded by the work of the authors Peter Luksch et alitta eLearning in die IuK Infrasierung von Dozenten im Bereich eLearning an der Technischen Universität München. ( 2006 ) and the author . The work of which was also written in the same year . It has been followed by the authorship of the book , Springer Elling in the form of which is also known as the `` Gemeldeldelde - Integriertes eLearning der Elling an der Talaussch und Schnittstellen . '' and the latter was written by the co-authored by the Dekschulen ( 2004 . The book was also authored by The author , which was by the TorffiLitticher Torpedo Italain : Pediments in the following : Infrastructures in the Poinchere : Standardisierter Datenaustausch & Distributed Scientific Computing : A Case Study from Industrial Practice . ( 1998 ) . This book is also the sequel to the book that was authored By the latter . The author was also the author of both the book `` Steffisierung der Kontakturen deutscher Hohschulen : SpiLettigkeit des Einsatzes von eLearning Anwissenschaft . ( 2006-2006 . '' The latter is the authored by Kontraktivisier : Pedimento Lettin : eLearningAlto elling in der Triestrittel Zur Förderung alto Qualifizierung als Mittel zur ForschUniversitat Zalaischaft ( 1996-1998 ) and also by the book 'SteffiLeimer & al.: emittiazierung Alto Qualitatssicherung : Elling Anwendung der Nachhaltigkeitschaft ' . It 's authored by SteffIleimer et
The primary affiliation of Nadine Steinmetz is Ilmenau University in Germany and she is the author of the following books : `` Jörg Waitelonis et al.: Use What You Have : Yovisto Video Search Engine Takes a Semantic Turn . ( 2014 ) , '' `` Nadine Weinmetz and Kai-Uwe Sattler : COALA - A Rule-Based Approach to Answer Type Prediction . ( 2016 ) . ( 2012 ) , `` '' and `` '' . The latter was authored by Christian Hentschel et al : Cross-Dataset Learning of Visual Concepts. ( 2012 '' . ( 2013 ) . '' . and `` Eternals : Condiments of Named Entity Recognition for User-Generated Tags. ( 2011 ) .
Fidaa Abed is the primary affiliation of the Technische Universität München in Germany and was authored by Fidaas Abed et al.: A Linear Delay Linear Space Algorithm for Enumeration of All Connected Induced Subgraphs . ( 2018 ) and Fida A Abed and Chien-Chung Huang : Preemptive Coordination Mechanisms for Unrelated Machines . ( 2014 ) . The latter two were both written in the same way . The former was preceded by the latter in the form of the latter . They were both authored in the following order . Fidaata Abed , which was also authored in this order . In the same year they were the authors of the same book . FIDAA Abed & al.: Near-Optimal Asymmetric Binary Matrix Partitions . ( 2012 and 2015 respectively .
Maximilian Soelch is the primary affiliation of Atanas Mirchev et al.: Variational Inference for On-line Anomaly Detection in High-Dimensional Time Series . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of the books : Maximilimilian Karl et al : Unsupervised Real-Time Control Through Variational Empowerment . (2019 ) , Maximoiansoelch & al.: On Deep Set Learning and the Choice of Aggregations . ( 2019 ) and the books Maximilia Soelech et al . That was written in the same year . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored in the following : Incoming in Sequential Latent-Variable Models . (2021 ) and Maximo : Approximate Bayesian Inference in Spatial Environments. (2019 . ( 2021 ) .
Uwe Schwiegelshohn is the primary affiliation of Technical University Dortmund , Germany and was authored by Jochen Krallmann et al.: Smart SMART Bounds for Weighted Response Time Scheduling . ( 1998 ) and the authorship of the books Carsten Franke & al.: Greedy Scheduling with Complex Obejectives . ( 2007 ) . The latter book was also authored by Uwe Wegelshohn , who in turn was the author of the book `` The Vegetables : Grids als neue Komponenten des Integrierten Informationsmanagements . ( 2009 ) . ( 2008 ) . UweWigelshohn . ( 2006 ) .
Andreas Seitz is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany and is the author of the books : Till Hellmund et al.: IPRA : Real-Time Face Recognition on Smart Glasses with Fog Computing. ( 2018 ) , Springer & Co . ( 2017 ) , CODENWOBI : Decemeeting for Increasing Student Participation through Shorter Exercise Cycles. ( 2016 ) and Andreas Seis : ArTEMiS : An Automatic Assessment Management System for Information Systems Spanning Cloud and Edge . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also the authored by the latter . He was also the co-authored by the Co-authored by the authors : Wöbker et al : Fogernetes : Deployment and Management of Information Systems in the Automotive Industry . (2018 ) .
Madlen Wuttke : Proaktive Agenten im Lernkontext : Die Auswirkungen neuer Inputkanäle in der lernstoffvermittelnden Mensch-Computer-Interaktion . ( 2014 ) was authored by Madlen Meeller-Wuttke and Michael Heidt . The latter is the author of the books : Madlen wuttke et al.: Proactive Functions of a Pedagogical Agent - Steps for Implementing a Social Catalyst Function . ( 2016 ) and the book : The Outlook for the Validation of a Natural User Interface . ( 2017 ) . The book was also authored by the latter . They are the authors of the book that was authored in the same year . The authors are Andreas Bischof et al.? Interdisziplinäre Impulse für den Begriff `` Interaktion '' ( 2014 .
Christian Krätzer is the primary affiliation of the University of Magdeburg in Germany . He authored Steffen Wendzel et al.: The feasibility test of state-of-the-art face detection algorithms for vehicle occupant detection. (2010 ) , SteffenWendzel & Jana Dittmann : Plausibility Considerations on Steganalysis as a Security Mechanism - Discussions on the Decemelding Images using Generative Adversarial Networks. ( 2012 ) , and Steppe Wendzel & al.: A Revised Taxonomy of Steganography Embedding Patterns. ( 2021 ) . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by Christian Kraetzer . ( 2014 ) . It was preceded by the `` Components on the Eternals of Latent Fingerprint Images . ( 2016 ) .
Maximilian Fickert is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following books : The authors of MaximilimilianFickert : A Novel Lookahead Strategy for Delete Relaxation Heuristics in Greedy Best-First Search ( 2022 ) , the authored by both Jörg Hoffmann : Ranking Conjunctions for Partial Delete Relaxations in Planning . (2017 ) and Maximoian Ficksert : The latter was authored by the latter was written in the same year . He also authored in the following order : Maximilia Fickett : The complete Local Search Using Estimates of Uncertainty . ( 2021 ) and the authored in Enforcement and heuristic search . (2022 ) . (2018 ) . The latter book was preceded by the written by the co-authored by the Karl Eifler et al.: Bounded-cost Search using Estimates ofuncertainty. (2021 .
Peter Wägemann is the primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Germany and is the author of the books : Steffen Vaas et al.: Taming Non-Deterministic Low-Level I/O : Predictable Multi-Core Real-Time Systems by SoC Co-Design . ( 2018 ) , The authorship of both the books are : Peter Wasmann : Energiebeschränkte Echtzeitsysteme und ihre Worst-Case-Analysen . ( 2021 ) and The authors : The latter was written in the same year . It was authored in the following order : From Automated Cost Modeling to Static WCET and CODEN . ( 2019 ) . (2019 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter was in the form of `` Simon Schuster et al.). Annotate once - analyze anywhere : context-aware WCET analysis by user-defined abstractions . (2021 . (2020 ) and the latter by the author Christian Eichler & al.: Fallow . (2018 ) . It is also the work that was authored by Peter Warmann . ( which is the work of the author . ( 2016 ) . Peter Warn is also authored by The author of which was also written by the book . He was also the co-Design in the previous year . He has also authored the book `` The Enumeration : ToStringInfiniteCODEN '' and the book The authors are : The authors of both were : The following : The book : The Electronic Transactions on Dec. 2021 . The book is also written in this format . The author is Peter W.W.Eng . He is also known by the names of both SteffenVaas & co-Expedition : An End-to-End Toolchain : ToCElling for static analysis tools of energy-constrained real-time systems (Artifact . ( 1921 ) . This book was preceded by The book `` Peter Wagnann : The Triidentity of the Pointers : From Auto-Constrained Real Time Systems ( Artifact ) , 'Verity of ' , 'EnergieBSchrata once - realize anywhere : Context-aware ITET ' and 'Influenced by 'Manualised ' . (2017 ) and 'Eternity ' . He also authored The book ' , which was co-authored by 'Christian E
The University of Calgary in Canada is the primary affiliation of Christian Jacob 0001 who authored the books : Peter Wilke and Christian Jacob : Simulating Neural Networks in a Distributed Computing Environment Using NeuroGraph . ( 2011 ) , Peter M. Hoar et al.: Programming and evolving physical self-assembling systems in three dimensions . ( 2012 ) , and the book `` The NeuroGraph Neural Network Simulator . ( 2003 ) .
The primary affiliation of the FZI Forschungszentrum Informatik Karlsuhe in Germany is the German government of Eugenie Giesbrecht who authored the books : In Search of Semantic Compositionality in Vector Spaces. ( 2009 ) , in 2009 , in the form of the Condensed Tensor Space Model of Natural Language Semantics . ( 2014 ) and in the same year was the Co-authored by Sebastian Rudolph and Eugenia GiesBrecht : Conditional Matrix-Space Models of Language . ( 2013 ) . The latter was followed by the book : Inositio Combining Data-Driven and Semantic Approaches for Text Mining . ( 2011 .
Sven Müelich is the primary affiliation of the University of Ulm in Germany and was authored by Robert F. H. Fischer and Martin Bossert . He is the author of the books `` Sven M.Weld et al.: Low-Rank Matrix Recovery using Gabidulin Codes in Characteristic Zero . (2017 ) , 'Sweden ' and 'Swedelich : A New Helper Data Scheme for Soft-Decision Decoding of Binary Physical Unclonable Functions ' ( 2022 ) and 'Sven M.W.F.C . (2022 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by 's ' which was written in the same year . ' . and 's `` Sven Puchinger et al.C. (2019 ' (2015 .
Max Kemman is the primary affiliation of the University of Luxembourg , Department of History and authored by Martijn Kleppe et al.: PoliMedia : Analysing Media Coverage of Political Debates by Automatically Generated Links to Radio & Newspaper Items . ( 2014 ) . He is also the author of the books published in the following order : Max Kemmann : Just Google It - Digital Research Practices of Humanities Scholars . ( 2013 ) , Max Kemmen : A user-oriented tool for enhanced multimodal search and retrieval in audiovisual libraries . ( 2016 ) . ( 2015 ) , The latter was authored by the authors of the book `` Max KemMan : Identities Research - How to integrate information in digital Humanities Research . (2013 ) and the book 's co-authored by the journal ' , The Reference to the Information Systems - A Collapsible Facets Panel in a Search Interface. ( 2013 - 2016 .
Christopher Morris 0001 is affiliated with the Mila - Quebec AI Institute in Canada and was authored by Nils M. Kriege et al.: A Unifying View of Explicit and Implicit Feature Maps for Structured Data : Systematic Studies of Graph Kernels . ( 2021 ) and Christopher Morris et al : Weisfeiler and Leman go Machine Learning : The Story so far . (2021 ) . The latter two were authored by Christopher Morris . Christopher Morris was also the authors of both the books : The latter was also authored by the latter in the following : Christopher Morris and the latter was the author of the book : ChristopherMorris . ( 2016 ) . This book was also published in the same year and the book was the sequel to the book that was written in the year 's sequel : `` Christopher Morris go to the same place , '' which was the authorship of the previous year .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Matthias Nagel 0001 which is authored by Gunnar Hartung et al.: BBA+ : Improving the Security and Applicability of Privacy-Preserving Point Collection . (2017 ) and by Brandon Broadnax et al : P6V2G : a privacy-preserving V2G scheme for two-way payments and reputation . ( 2018 ) . The latter was authored by the latter 's co-authored by the authors , Brandon Dowsley & al.: A survey on design and implementation of protected searchable data in the cloud . (2018 ) .
The University of Gottingen in Germany is affiliated with the university of Oliver Wannenwetsch and is the primary affiliation of the University of Göttingen . The university was authored by Stefan Kolb 0003 which is affiliated to the Institute of Entwicklung und Anwendung bei der Auswahl von Methoden zur Optimierung von Simulationsmodellen . ( 1992 ) .
The primary affiliation of Marburg University in Germany is the Markus Ruffing 0001 which was authored in 1994 . The university 's primary affiliation is the Mark Ruffing Institute for the Study of Profil einer Datenbank .
The primary affiliation of Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg , Germany is Sri Aravinda Krishnan Thyagarajan , who is the author of the following books : `` The Deuber et al.: Redactable Blockchain in the Permissionless Setting . (2019 ) , `` '' , `` `` '' and `` `` ' ' , '' which were both authored by SriAravinda & 'Reddy Krishnan & al.: Efficient CCA Timed Commitments in Class Groups . ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , '' `` '' . The latter was preceded by `` `` by `` ' , ' which was also authored by ' in the same language . '' , ' ( 2015 ) , ' and 'Sri Aravindan & 'Verifiable Timed Signatures Made Practical . (2020 , ' respectively . ' , and ' in ' ( 2016 . ' ( both in which `` was also written by ' , respectively . '' . `` , `` in the following order : '' and ' ' by `` Sri Arakrishnan & ' ( which was itself authored by `` by ' by ' '' , in the latter was also in ' , which was in turn ' . `` in ' . The ' , in which ' was also published . ' respectively , ' in both the following orders : `` '' - both were also in turn - both in ' - the latter being the authors of ' , `` The Delicacy of the Poincipitated CCA ' -based on '', while ' was the authored by both ' by the latter ' . ' and `` The ' which is the authorship of ' in `` The following '' - Sri A.A.Reddy ' - '' - the ' in '' - was the prequel to 'Seditioned by ' ' in that order ' - `` in both ' - which was the authors ' - and `` In ' - also ' - in ' that was also the author ' of ' ' : `` ' in this case ' - ' in which , ' ' ' was `` `` in `` `` `` The Prequel ' was ' to ' ' to `` `` Deuber & ' in addition to ' that of ' - to ' which ' - was ' ' '' - '' in 'Univised ' - that was ' `` `` Delicacies ' -to ' -also known as ' ' that which was written by `` '' by ' `` ' `` in ''
Michael Friedrich 0001 is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany . He authored Michael Friedrich : Sprachmittel und Werkzeuge zur Unterstützung paralleler und verteilter Programmierung . ( 1992 ) and Andreas Weininger et al.: ParSim : A Tool for the Analysis of Parallel and Distributed Programs . ( 1990 ) .
The primary affiliation of the HPI , University of Potsdam in Germany is the company of Stefan Neumann 0002 which was authored by Thomas Vogel et al.: Modular timing analysis of component-based real-time embedded systems. ( 2009 ) and Andreas Seibel et al : Dynamic hierarchical mega models : comprehensive traceability and its efficient maintenance . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter .
Hannes Klarner is the primary affiliation of the Free University of Berlin in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : Hannesklarner et al.: Erratum to: Computing maximal and minimal trap spaces of Boolean networks. ( 2014 ) , Hannes Kolnarner & al.: Euler to : Computing Symbolic Steady States of Boolean Networks. ( 2016 ) and Hilen Thobe et al.Models for asynchronous logical networks . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by the book `` H.L.W.S.W . ( 2018 ) and the latter was written in the same year . ( 2014 .
Dietmar Müller 0003 ( authored by Dietmar M.M. ) is the primary affiliation of the Free University of Berlin , Dahlem , Germany . The university 's primary affiliation is the Federal Ministry of Health which is the location of the Institute for the Study of Information ( 2002 ) .
Michael Felsberg is the primary affiliation of Linköping University in Sweden and authored by both Abdelrahman Eldesokey and Joakim Johnander et al.: DCCO : Towards Deformable Continuous Convolution Operators for Visual Tracking . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by Bertil Grelsson and co. Alexis Dense Gaussian Processes for Glimpses for Few-Shot Segmentation . ( 2009 ) . It was also authored by the latter . He is also the author of the book `` The Electronic Transactions for Components for Visual Cyclists Analysis : In the Wild . ( 2016 ) . '' and the book 's co. ( 2009 . He was also the authored by K.P. , while the latter was written by the former . (2009 ) .
Peter Fischer 0007 is the primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen , Germany and authored Peter Fischer : Optimierende Steuerung paralleler Transportprozesse mit Methoden der Wissensverarbeitung . ( 1994 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Berlin , Germany is the company of Ronny Hänsch who authored the books : The Trap Of Random Sampling and How to Avoid It - Alternative Sampling Strategies for a Realistic Estimate of the Generalization Error. ( 2015 ) , The Outcome of the 2021 IEEE GRSS Data Fusion Contest - Track MSD : Multitemporal Semantic Change Detection. (2022 ) and The Relationship between sampling strategies and the estimation of the generalization error. (2017 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the company 's co-authored by the author : Andreas Reigber et al.: Foundations for building detection in polarimetric SAR information. ( 2016) . (2021 ) .
The primary affiliation of Rainer Knauf is TU Ilmenau , Department of Computer Science and Automatation , Germany . He authored the books : `` Kita Arai et al.: A Part-of-Speech Based Sentiment Classification Method Considering Subject-Predicate Relation. ( 2015 ) , '' '' '' , `` '' , '' `` TU Hilmenau et al : TU Authored : 'Takashi Kawabe & al.: Advident : Compulsion : Advised : Personalizing Learning Processes by Data Mining. ( 2009 ) , ' , ' and ' '' , ' which was authored by 'Toward Making Didactics a Subject of Knowledge Engineering. ( 2007 and '2009 ' . ( 2009 . ' , and ' ' in ' , both were authored by the authors : The latter was followed by ' , `` Shuqiyoshi Kubota et al . (2010 , ' respectively . and ' in the latter was ' , respectively . in the same year . ' . He was also the author of ' , which was preceded by ' by ' ' , the latter by ' Shuqiaziko Kubota & ' , in which was also written in the following order : ' . The latter is also the work of ' by `` The authors : ' , '' which was the authors of which , was also in the works of ' : `` Tomitaka Sakurai et alitta : Proposal and Evaluation of a Reliable Multimedia Utilization Method for Reliable Web Based Collaboration ' ( 2009 and '09 respectively . ' which is the sequel to 'Youssef & 'Engines : '' . He 's also authored ' : ' : '' , which is based on 'TU Hilmanau ' . This was the prequel to 'Tubota ' , Shuqisho Kubota and 'was ' , Kowalto : A Search Method That Can Dynamically Learn User 's Subjective Feeling . (2009 ) and '08 . He also wrote 'YOSHitaka ' , whose authorship is 'Tudashi Kawabete & 'Li : A ' , that can be traced to ': ' , while 'was the author 'tood : ' and also 'TOSHITaka ' et al: 'Echo : ' that was 'toward : `` Tuhashi ' . It was also followed by the 'Tashi ' & 'Tohashi ' etAl.: A Search
Dieter Lorenz 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Bielefeld in Germany and was authored by Robert Giegerich and DieterLorenz : ViSeL - An interactive course in DNA Sequencing . ( 1998 ) .
Daniel Fürstenau is the primary affiliation of the Freie Universität Berlin . He authored Daniel Fuerstenau et al.: A Dynamic Model of Embeddedness in the IS Architectures : A Production Case . ( 2014 ) and Daniel Fursenau and Hannes Rothe : The Information Systems : An Expert Study on Determinants of Discontinuation . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also the author of Daniel Fetherstenau and Christian Glaschke : Weighting of Integration Qualities in IS Architecturing : A Conceptual Framework and Empirical Illustration . (2014 ) . ( 2015 . He was the co-authored by the latter was also authored by Daniel Flemings : Standard Diffusion in Growing Networks : Modeling Interaction Patterns. ( 2014 .
The University of Bonn in Germany is affiliated to Martin Koch 0005 which authored Martin Koch : Microarrayanalyse gynäkologischer Tumorentitäten . ( 2013 ) .
The primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany is Yana Momchilova Mileva which is authored by YanaMomchilva et al.: Illumination-Robust Variational Optical Flow with Photometric Invariants . ( 2007 ) and Andreas Zeller : Assessing Modity via usage changes . ( 2011 ) . The latter is the authored work of Yana M.M.L.A .
The primary affiliation of TU Dresden , Germany is the company of Susanne Strahringer who authored the books : Michael Könning et al.: A Systematic Review of Recent Developments in IT Outsourcing Research. (2019 ) , Komponentenbasierte Anwendungsentwicklung und Configuration- und Change-Management . ( 1998 ) and The Case of Siemens ShareNet . ( 2006 ) .
The University of Bonn , Institute for Computer Science , Germany is the primary affiliation of Pascal Welke . They are the authors of the following books : The authors of this book are : Till Hendrik Schulz et al.: Condimentsary Conditions for the Existence of a Hamiltonian Path with Applications to Cactus Graphs . ( 2016 ) , the authors in the following order : `` P. Welke : On the Complexity of Frequent Subtree Mining in Very Simple Structures . ( 2014 ) , '2021 ' , '1021 , '16 ' and '17 , '17 . The authors in this order are : 'P.W.E. , ' which was authored by 'Tol.Schulz & al.: Mining Tree Patterns with Partially Injective Homomorphisms . (2018 ) and '1917 ' . ' , the latter was preceded by '10 and ' by '16 . The latter was also authored by the author ' , which was the author of 'Till HendrikSchulz and 'W.Eng . which was written by '17 and '18 . ' respectively . in the same order . ' . In the same book was also written by the latter . In this order was followed by 'E.W . in '19 . ' in '18 , and the latter by '19. ' which is the co-authored by '18-1917 . This book was the sequel to 'T.W:HOPS : Probabilistic SubTree Mining for Small and Large Graphs ' ( 2016 . '19 and '16 respectively . It was also the authored by `` P/W ' . This is the authorship of 'W:W.L . in which ' was also followed by the authors : 'T . He was also in '16 and '10 . He is also the author for '1091 . He has also authored : Efficient Related Subgraph Mining in Transactional Databases . (2020 ) . ( 2021 ) . He also authored the book '1096 . He 's also in the order of 'E'. : 'HOPS:3-hop distance estimation in social graphs. ( 2016 , '18 and '09 .
Andreas Spitz is the primary affiliation of EPFL in Switzerland . He was the author of the following works : DeWitt et al.: Im-META : Influence Maximization Using Node Metadata in Networks With Unknown Topology ( 2021 ) , Erich Schubert & al.: Semantic Word Clouds with Background Corpus Normalization and t-distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding . (2017 ) . HeidelPlace : An Extensible Framework for Geoparsing. ( 2017 ) , ECLI : An Evaluation of Combination Modes for Word Embeddings . ( 2016 ) , Heidelplace : An ECLC . ( 2017 . ( 2015 ) , and ELLIATED Texts. ( 2016 .
Helmut Dietrich 0002 is the primary affiliation of Technical University Leuna-Merseburg , Germany . He authored the book Helm Dietrich : Zur Untersuchung optimaler Steuerungsprobleme mit Operator-Zustandsgleichungen Unter Benutzung der Dualitätstheorie . ( 1982 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Medical Science University , Jaipur , India is Pradheep Manisekaran : Image Encryption by Using ACGLML. ( 2021 ) .
Maximilian Fickert is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following books : The authors of MaximilimilianFickert : A Novel Lookahead Strategy for Delete Relaxation Heuristics in Greedy Best-First Search ( 2022 ) , the authored by both Jörg Hoffmann : Ranking Conjunctions for Partial Delete Relaxations in Planning . (2017 ) and Maximoian Ficksert : The latter was authored by the latter was written in the same year . He also authored in the following order : Maximilia Fickett : The complete Local Search Using Estimates of Uncertainty . ( 2021 ) and the authored in Enforcement and heuristic search . (2022 ) . (2018 ) . The latter book was preceded by the written by the co-authored by the Karl Eifler et al.: Bounded-cost Search using Estimates ofuncertainty. (2021 .
Sven Müelich is the primary affiliation of the University of Ulm in Germany and was authored by Robert F. H. Fischer and Martin Bossert . He is the author of the books `` Sven M.Weld et al.: Low-Rank Matrix Recovery using Gabidulin Codes in Characteristic Zero . (2017 ) , 'Sweden ' and 'Swedelich : A New Helper Data Scheme for Soft-Decision Decoding of Binary Physical Unclonable Functions ' ( 2022 ) and 'Sven M.W.F.C . (2022 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by 's ' which was written in the same year . ' . and 's `` Sven Puchinger et al.C. (2019 ' (2015 .
Matthias Wübbeling is the primary affiliation of the University of Bonn in Germany and he authored the books : Timo Malderle et al.: Credential Intelligence Agency : A Threat Intelligence Approach to Mitigate Identity Theft . ( 2016 ) , Daniel Gruss et al : Generalizing the use-After-free Problem and Applying it to Email Services . ( 2018 ) and Timo Molning and Michael Meier : The Management of the Identifier Leaks using Threat Intelligence . (2018 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was also authored by the latter .
Nico Potyka is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Institute for Parallel and Distributed Systems in Germany . He was authored by both Christoph Beierle et al.: Extending and Completing Probabilistic Knowledge and Beliefs Without Bias and the Java Library Attractor . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of the books : `` NicoPotyka : Some Notes on the Factorization of probabilistic Logical Models under Maximum Entropy Semantics . ( 2013 ) and `` Bo Xiong et al : Semi-Riemannian Graph Convolutional Networks. ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , '' which was preceded by `` '' . ( 2015 . '' and `` '' , which was co-authored by `` `` by '' , `` The Poetyka: Interpreting Neural Networks as Gradual Argumentation Frameworks ( Including Proof Appendix . '' . , `` 2021 '' , '' both of which were authored by `` Christoph beierle & al.: Affirmations with Consistent and Inconsistent Information . ( 2022 . `` and `` He was also the authored by '' . The latter was also by `` The Coincidentally '' . He 's also the `` Coincidented by `` , ' which was also written by `` Heimings '' . `` . '' , the latter was followed by `` by `` Co. '' . '' in which `` Co' was previously written . '' ( 2016 . He has also been the co-author of `` Co . ' and `` Co ' , which in turn was the author ' of `` The `` Co -authored by '' `` `` `` Co-authored '' by `` BoXiong , '' while `` Co : Addressed to ' to `` Co: PoPoyka ' ( 2015 ) . This was the Co: Co: po : Solving Reasoning Problems for Compulsionary Conditional Logics with Compulsory and 'Novelty : Deliving Reasoning ' ( 2016-2015 . ' , ' and 'Otcheka : The General Framework for Minimum Entropy ' ( 2012 ) . ' . It was also preceded by ' ' by 'Tolting Reasoning : A Tutorial for Weighted Bipolar Argumentation with Conditional Systems and 'Influenced By ' including Proof . ( 1923 - 2016 . ' -2015 .
Uwe Schwiegelshohn is the primary affiliation of Technical University Dortmund , Germany and was authored by Jochen Krallmann et al.: Smart SMART Bounds for Weighted Response Time Scheduling . ( 1998 ) and the authorship of the books Carsten Franke & al.: Greedy Scheduling with Complex Obejectives . ( 2007 ) . The latter book was also authored by Uwe Wegelshohn , who in turn was the author of the book `` The Vegetables : Grids als neue Komponenten des Integrierten Informationsmanagements . ( 2009 ) . ( 2008 ) . UweWigelshohn . ( 2006 ) .
Alexander Bauer 0002 is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany and is authored by Alexander Bauer : Probabilistische Szenenmodelle für die Luftbildauswertung . ( 2014 ) .
Michael J. Klaiber is the primary affiliation of the Bosch Corporate Research in Renningen , Germany . He authored the books : T.Lefeure et al.: An End-to-End HW/SW Co-Design Methodology to Design Efficient Deep Neural Network Systems using Virtual Models . ( 2016 ) , Lars Rockstroh & al.: Correlation of image data using fermat number transform based on two's complement . ( 2012 ) and Efficient Hardware Architecture for Connected Component . ( 2013 ) . He is also the author of the books `` Seyyed Mahdi Najmabadi et al>: Correlation and Delveillance of the Pointers - Image Analytics on Big Data in Motion . ( 2014 ) . ( 2015 ) .
Hui Huang 0015 , authored in 1990 , is the primary affiliation of the University of Bonn in Germany .
The primary affiliation of Hinrich E. G. Bonin is Leuphana University of Lüneburg and they are the authors of Fevzi Belli et al.: Some aspects on the development and validation of FIREX : a knowledge-based system for the transport of dangerous goods and fire department consulting . ( 1989 ) and the book `` Fevrich E G.Bonin : An Approach to Control Different Versions of Knowledge in Object-Oriented Systems and its Applications in FIREX . ( 1990 ) . ( 1994 ) . The book was authored by the latter was also authored by him . It was also written by the former . The latter was preceded by the book 's editors . ' which was written in the following : The book 'was the Co-operation & Kollaboration mit Hilfe von Editoren - als Komplexer DV-Vorhaben der Verwaltungsautomation . ( 1993 ) and was authored in the same year by the same author . It is also the book by the author . The following was the book that was written by him , which was itself authored by The author , HinrichE.G . Bonin . He is the co-authored by the following . He was also the author of the book which was also edited by the previous year . It comes under the auspices of which is the Lernendes System . (1992 ) . He has also authored the book The book `` The book '' which is also known as `` The Culprit? Panel Position Paper . '' and was the sequel to `` The following '' which was the work of the author , which is Fevi Belli and the latter is also authored . The author is Hinrich . G.bonin . It has been authored by both Hinrich and Fevich E.G.W.N.C . He also has been the author for `` The Gruppo Einführung informationstechnischer Einrichtungen-Als : Aussprache zu den Referaten von August-Wilhelm Scheer und Jürgen Faehling . ( 2002 ) .
Oliver Fleischmann is the primary affiliation of the University of Kiel in Germany and was authored by OliverFleischmann and Reinhard Koch : The Conformal Monogenic Signal of Image Sequences . ( 2008 ) . He also authored the books Oliver Flischmann & Wheeler Sommer : On the Analysis and Decomposition of Intrinsically One-Dimensional Signals and their Superpositions . ( 2012 ) and Lettart Wietzke et al.: A Novel Curvature Estimator for Digital Curves and Images . ( 2016 ) .
The primary affiliation of Feng Cheng 0002 is the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam and it was authored by both Marian Gawron et al.: Automatic vulnerability detection for weakness visualization and advisory creation . ( 2015 ) and by Martin Ussath et al : A Theoretical Model of Lock-Keeper Data Exchange and its Practical Verification . ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored by M.G.W.and M.Eng . in the following order : M.L.I . Both were authored by Janie Peng et al . (2017 ) and M.O . (2018 . M.E . (2015 ) . and the latter was preceded by the authors : Analyzing Remote Desktop Protocol Traffic. ( 2016 .
The primary affiliation of Nina C. Hubig is the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in Germany . She was authored by Bart P Knijnenburg and N. Humaira et al.: Compression-Based Graph Mining Exploiting Structure Primitives . ( 2014 ) . She is the author of the following books : The authorship of both the books are : Linnea Passing & al.: SQL- and Operator-centric Data Analytics in Relational Main-Memory Databases . ( 2015 ) and the work of the co-authored by the authors Bart PKnijnenburg . The latter was preceded by the book Jing Feng et al : Compression–based Graph Mining Explosion (2013 . (2013 ) . (2015 ) . This book was also the authored by the Poet 's Advances in relationale Datenbanksysteme. (2015 . ( 2016 ) , the latter was also written by the latter in the same year . It was also in the previous year . The book was written by N.H.L.E . ( 2013 . and the latter by the author NiC Hubig . It is also the authoring of the book that was written in the following : The book which was also published in the year that was coined by the Sage . ( which was the sequel to the book `` Manuel Then et Al.: Effiziente Integration von Data-and Graph-Mining-Algorithmen in the past . ( 2021 ) . The authors are Bart Pknijnenburg & Nina C Hubig : Human-Centric Preference Modeling for Virtual Agents . (2014 ) .
The University of Münster in Germany is the primary affiliation of Norbert Becker 0002 which is authored by Norbert Becker . The book was published in 1990 and is authored in ökonomischen Differenzengleichungssystemen .
Gerrit Lochmann is the primary affiliation of the University of Koblenz-Landau in Germany and is the author of the books : Gerrit Lohmann : Latency Reduction for Real-Time Rendering and its Application to VR Training Scenarios . ( 2016 ) , Liesa Reitz et al.: VR-Based Gamification of Communication Training and Oral Examination in a Second Language . ( 2014 ) and the book `` Gerrit Larmann : '' . The latter was authored by GerritLohmann , the latter was written in the same year . He was also authored by Laura Haraké et al.; Tingue S(t)imulator - A Comprehensive Parametrized Pose Model for Speech Therapy . ( 2015 ) .
Frederik Beuth is the primary affiliation of the Chemnitz University of Technology , Department of Computer Science in Germany . He was authored by both Nisnab Udas et al.: Concept Detection in Medical Images using Xception Models - TUCMC at ImageCLEFmed 2020 . (2020 ) and Tobias Schlosser et al : A Novel Visual Fault Detection and Classification System for Semiconductor Manufacturing Using Stacked Hybrid Convolutional Neural Networks . ( 2021 ) . He is the authored by the latter . The latter was preceded by the authors , who are also in the same journal . He has also written in the following order : The Performance of a Biologically Inspired Hexagonal Deep Learning for Hexagonal Image Generation . (2022 ) . ( 2016 ) .
The primary affiliation of André Janus 0001 is the University of Magdeburg in Germany and it is the author of the books Andre Janus : Konzepte für Agile Qualitätssicherung und -bewertung in Wartungs- und Weiterentwicklungs/Projekten . ( 2012 ) and André Jus : Andréjus et al.: The 3C approach for agile quality assurance . ( 2013 ) . The latter was also authored by Andr Janus . This book was also the co-authored by Andréjanus . The 3D approaches for agile software development model (ASDM ) .
The primary affiliation of the Goethe University informatics in Germany is the Institute for Informatics . The authors of the works are : Sage Sage et al.: Dealing with Variability in API Misuse Specification ( 2022 ) , Gruethe University Frankfurt et al : Combining user-interaction and automation to evolve source code . (2017 ) , and also the authors of `` Kontain et al!: Cleaning up copy-paste clones with interactive merging . (2018 ) . '' and `` Sage Sage : Copy and paste redeemed . ( 2016 ) . ( 2021 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter was also the work . (2021 ) and `` Gruethe Affirmations '' , the latter being the associated with the automatic bug detection in neural networks .
Helmut Mayer 0001 is affiliated with the Bundeswehr University Munich , Computer Science Department and was authored by Michael Kissner and the German Mänger . It is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are Mario M. Mayer : Efficient Hierarchical Triplet Merging for Inverse Graphics Improved by Lifelong Meta-learning . ( 2014 ) and the authors Hilary Mihalaini and Mario Michelini . The latter was authored in the same year . It was preceded by the book HelmutMayer : Detection of Critical Camera Configurations for Structure from Motion Using Random Forest . (2019 ) and Helmut M.M.E.L. ( 2014 . ( 2015 ) . The book was also published in the following order : The Gruppe . ( 2003 .
TU Dresden , Germany is the primary affiliation of Jerónimo Castrillón who authored the books : Diandian Zhang et al.: A Domain-Specific Language and Editor for Parallel Particle Methods . ( 2013 ) , Andres Goens et al : On the Representation of Mappings to Multicores. ( 2018 ) , and Andrés Goens and Jeronimo Castillón : The Case of Computational Fluid Dynamics . ( 2022 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the book .
Gullal S. Cheema et al.: Check_square at CheckThat! 2020 Claim Detection in Social Media via Fusion of Transformer and Syntactic Features . ( 2021 ) was authored by Sherzod Hakimov , who is affiliated with the Leibniz Association for Science and Technology in Hanover , Germany . He is the author of the books : Kader Pustu-Iren et Al.: Visualizing Copyright-Protected Video Archive Content Through Similarity Search. (2021 ) , GullAL S.Cheema et Alto Check_Warrant for Analyzing Claims in Social media . ( 2016 ) and also the book `` Gullala S.C.W.Expedition: Multilingual Semantic Parsing for QEval '20 : On the Role of Images for Analyzed Claims in Sport Media.2021 '' and `` W.O.W . '' , both of which were authored by him . He was also authored by the latter .
The German Climate Computing Center ( DKRZ ) , Hamburg , Germany is the primary affiliation of Hashim Iqbal Chunpir and Thomas Ludwig . They are the authors of the following books : The authors of both the books are : The following : The book was authored by the latter in the following order : `` The authors are : `` Hashim Ismailzadeh : Comparison of Information Technology Service Management (ITSM) Practices in e-Infrastructures , Libraries , Public Administration and the Private Sector . ( 2018 ) , '' which was preceded by `` The Governance Structure of End-User Support in the Turkish Context . ( 2014 '' , `` The Information : '' , '' `` The Reference : '' : `` ItSM) : An Empirical Evidence of Barriers in a Big Data Infrastructure . ( 2015 '' , 'Was Ali Sahito et al.: Significance Of Barriers , L.P . ( 2016 ) , ' ( 2014 ) and '
Birte Richter is the primary affiliation of Birtefeld University in Germany and was authored by Birte Carlmeyer et al.: The Attention-Hesitation Model , A Non-Intrusive Intervention Strategy for Incremental Smart Home Dialogue Management . ( 2021 ) and Isabel Klemme et al : How to Address Smart Homes with a Social Robot? A Multi-Directional and Agile Academic Knowledge Transfer Strategy for Healthcare Technology . ( 2016 ) . Birte Heckter was the author of both the books . The latter was written in the same year and the latter was authored in the following order : The Hesitating Robot - Implementation and First Impressions . (2017 . ( 2018 ) and the previous one was in addition to the Information Presentation in an Object Fetching Task . ( 2017 ) .
Jan Martijn E. M. van der Werf and Artem Polyvyanyy : The Information Systems Modeling Suite - Modeling the Interplay Between Information and Processes . ( 2016 ) is the authored by Jan Martinijn E M . van derWerf and Jan Martin E M. Van der WerF and Erwin Kaats : Discovery of Functional Architectures From Event Logs . ( 2015 ) . The latter is the sequel to the book that was written in the same year . It is the work that was authored by the latter . The book was also published in the following order : The information systems modeling Suite – Modeling : Measuring the Behavioral Quality of Log Sampling . ( 2014 ) . It was preceded by the book by the authors Bram Knols & Jan Martini E.M.Verf . ( 2008-2015 and the latter was also written by the former in the year . Jan Martijlde E M M.D . (2015-2015 .
Gerhard Kramer is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany . He is the author of the following works : Halitha Sankar et al.: Relay vs. User Cooperation in Time-Duplexed Multiaccess Networks ( 2008 ) , Doranjan Ratnakar et Al.: Information rates of precoding for massive MIMO and base station cooperation in an indoor scenario. ( 2016 ) , and the transmission of information for both sources . ( 2009 ) . He was also authored by Bernhard Goebel et al . (2010 ) and the Poincipitated by the authors : On Wiener Phase Noise Channels at High Signal-to-Noise Ratio ( 2013 ) . ( 2006 ) . The latter was authored by the latter . ( 2008 . and the latter by the author Hassan Ghozlan . (2013 ) .
Albert Fleischmann is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt in Germany and is the author of the following works : AlbertFleischmann et al.: Moding and Implementing of Industrie 4.0 Scenarios . ( 2015 ) , Albert Fleishmann et Al.: Subject-Oriented Modeling and Execution of Multi-agent Business Processes . ( 2013 ) , and Albert Fleismann : Eine Methode zur Beschreibung von Kommunikations in Requirements Engineering. ( 2018 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by Albert Fleiischmann . ( 2014 ) . It was also authored by the co-authored by the latter was in the same year . The EIPM comes under the jurisdiction of the Co-operating Systems-of-Systems for Process Execution Support. ( 2016 .
Daniel E Maurer : Expertensystem für die Störungsdiagnose anlagen von Gebäuden is authored by Daniel E. Maurer . He is the primary affiliation of ETH Zürich , Switzerland , which is affiliated with both Siyu Tang 0001 and Yan Zhang 0054 .
Hannes Klarner is the primary affiliation of the Free University of Berlin in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : Hannesklarner et al.: Erratum to: Computing maximal and minimal trap spaces of Boolean networks. ( 2014 ) , Hannes Kolnarner & al.: Euler to : Computing Symbolic Steady States of Boolean Networks. ( 2016 ) and Hilen Thobe et al.Models for asynchronous logical networks . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by the book `` H.L.W.S.W . ( 2018 ) and the latter was written in the same year . ( 2014 .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of the Institute which is affiliated with the following cities : Jörg Fischer 0001 , Johann Heinrich Hoppe and Swati Chandna 0001 . The Institute 's primary affiliation is the Nadeschda Nikitina and its affiliation is Sheng Li : Verteilte Steuerung von kooperativen autonomen mobilen Robotern für Transportaufgaben . ( 1996 ) .
Christian Schulz 0003 is affiliated with Heidelberg University in Germany and is authored by Lars Gottesbüren et al.: Deep Multilevel Graph Partitioning and Clustering . ( 2014 ) . The latter publication was preceded by the work of Marcelo Fonseca Faraj and al.: High-Quality Hierarchical Process Mapping . ( 2016 ) and was authored by Roland Glantz et al . ( 2021 ) .
The primary affiliation of Jin Liu 0001 is Heinrich-Hertz-Institut für Nachrichtentechnik GmbH in Berlin , Germany . It was authored by both Sheng-Wen Shih and Robert Skerjanc . The book `` Jin Liu et al.: Real-time Head Tracking in a Multimodal Interface with Changes in Geometry and Illumination . ( 2001 ) . '' and the book `` The novelties to 3-D gaze tracking using stereo cameras . ( 2004 ) . ( 1999 ) . It is the authored by the latter . '' . This book was also written by the former in the following : An Experimental Multimedia System Allowing 3D Visualization and Eye-Controlled Interaction Without User-Worn Devices. ( 1999 '' . ( 2000 ) .
Michael Felsberg is the primary affiliation of Linköping University in Sweden and authored by both Abdelrahman Eldesokey and Joakim Johnander et al.: DCCO : Towards Deformable Continuous Convolution Operators for Visual Tracking . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by Bertil Grelsson and co. Alexis Dense Gaussian Processes for Glimpses for Few-Shot Segmentation . ( 2009 ) . It was also authored by the latter . He is also the author of the book `` The Electronic Transactions for Components for Visual Cyclists Analysis : In the Wild . ( 2016 ) . '' and the book 's co. ( 2009 . He was also the authored by K.P. , while the latter was written by the former . (2009 ) .
The primary affiliation of Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf in Germany is Florian Klein and Michael Schöttner : DXRAM : A Persistent In-Memory Storage for Billions of Small Objects . ( 2014 ) . The latter is the authored by both the authors of the book : The authors of both the book `` Florianlein : Effiziente verteilte Metadaten-Verwaltung auf Basis von ID-Bereichen in DXRAM . (2014 ) and `` Kevin Beineke et al.: Asynchronous Logging and Fast Recovery for a Large-Scale Distributed In-memory Storage . (2015 ) . (2013 ) .
The primary affiliation of the FZI Forschungszentrum Informatik Karlsuhe in Germany is the German government of Eugenie Giesbrecht who authored the books : In Search of Semantic Compositionality in Vector Spaces. ( 2009 ) , in 2009 , in the form of the Condensed Tensor Space Model of Natural Language Semantics . ( 2014 ) and in the same year was the Co-authored by Sebastian Rudolph and Eugenia GiesBrecht : Conditional Matrix-Space Models of Language . ( 2013 ) . The latter was followed by the book : Inositio Combining Data-Driven and Semantic Approaches for Text Mining . ( 2011 .
The University of Luxembourg is the primary affiliation of Ulrich K. Sorger , who authored the books Uwe Dettmar et al.: Unlinkable Communication . ( 2008 ) and Uli Sorger et al : Assessing Performance of Internet of Things-Based Mobile Crowdsensing Systems for Sensing as a Service Applications in Smart Cities . ( 2016 ) . The latter book was authored by the latter author . In addition to the latter , the latter was also written by the former . In the same year , the book was the work of the latter 's co-authored by the other author . The book was also authored by K.Sorger , which was also the author of the works of the Linguistics . ( 1995 ) . This book was preceded by the book by the K.Dettmar and K. Sorger which was the co-authored by the author , Uwe Deettmar & K.Torger and the latter also authored the book that was written in the same month . They were also the authors of the book . In this book , the same author . K.R.C . in which the work was written . In that book , K.C. ( 1995 . In which the latter is also written . The work was followed by the work by the authors , in that it was also followed by UweDettlemar and the book 's `` Bounded minimum distance decoding of unit memory codes . (1995 ) and in that same year was the publication of the books that were authored by both the latter . In both the books were also written in that order . The authors were Uwe Duchen et al . ( K.K.R . ( 1996 ) and the others . In these they were both written by K K.Livis . ( 1998 ) . They also wrote the book Uwe dettmar , which in turn was the author to the construction and decoding of the LUEP codes . in 1995 and in this case the book The latter was the sequel to the book , In which they were also authored . In 1998 K.Storger was involved in the construction of the new spread-spectrum multiple-access scheme and in the following order : The book `` The new Reed-Solomon code decoding algorithm based on Newton's interpolation . '' In this case it was added to the books `` Uwe M.S.O . ( 2003 ) . It was the authorship of `` K. K.We Dett
Steffen Zeidler 0002 is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt in Germany . It is also the primary affiliate of SteffenZeidler 02 , which was authored by Steffen Zidler 0001 . The latter is affiliated with SteffenZidler LLC , which has Wolfgang Göttert 0001 as its primary affiliation .
Uwe Arnold 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Giessen in Germany and authored the book UweArmen : Die Entwicklung und frühere Bedeutung des Harzer Rotviehs unter Berücksichtigung der geographisch und sozial bedingten Verhältnisse im Zuchtgebiet sowie die Einbeziehung von EDV-Auswertungsergebnissen noch Vorkörbücher : e. Beitr . Zum Harzer rotvieh . ( 1985 ) .
Nikolas Havrikov is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following books : NikolasHrikov et al.: XMLMate : evolutionary XML test generation. ( 2014 ) , NikolasWrikov and Andreas Zeller : Systematically Covering Input Structure . ( 2021 ) and the book `` NikolasVegen : Efficient fuzz testing leveraging input , code , and execution . (2017 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by NikolasLavrikov . This book was preceded by the book 's authored by the latter . The book was also written in the same language . ( 2015 ) . NikolasHe was the authorship of the book that was written in '1821 .
The University of Heidelberg in Germany is affiliated to the university of Wolfgang Tischer 0001 who authored the book Wolfgang Tisch : Zur Methodik der Erfassung und Beobachtung von Patienten mit bestimmten Krankheiten in geographisch definierten Bevölkerungsarealen mit speziellem Bezug zum WHO-Herzinfarktregister Heidelburg . ( 1980 ) .
The primary affiliation of Matthias Hiller is Technical University in Munich , Germany and he is the author of the books : Michael Pehl et al.: Efficient Evaluation of Physical Unclonable Functions Using Entropy Measures ( 2016 ) , MatthiasHiller and Georg Sigl : Increasing the efficiency of the associated key management system for PUF-based security enclosures . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by the authors : M. Hiller and Aysun Gurur Önalan : Hiding Secrecy Leakage in Leaky Helper Data . (2017 ) . ( 2016 . and the latter was also written by the author .
The University of Gottingen in Germany is affiliated with the university of Oliver Wannenwetsch and is the primary affiliation of the University of Göttingen . The university was authored by Stefan Kolb 0003 which is affiliated to the Institute of Entwicklung und Anwendung bei der Auswahl von Methoden zur Optimierung von Simulationsmodellen . ( 1992 ) .
Helmut Schmidt University in Hamburg , Germany is affiliated with Rolf Weber 0002 which was authored by Rolf Wehrman and is the author of the book `` Ridgeweigung von dial-a-ride-Problemen . ''
The primary affiliation of Marburg University in Germany is the Markus Ruffing 0001 which was authored in 1994 . The university 's primary affiliation is the Mark Ruffing Institute for the Study of Profil einer Datenbank .
Artem Polyvyanyy is the primary affiliation of the University of Melbourne , School of Computing and Information Systems , Australia . He was authored by Sander J. J. Leemans and Artem M. Poetty : Stochastic-Aware Conformance Checking : An Entropy-Based Approach . ( 2016 ) . He has also authored by Ahmed Awad et al.: Semantic Querying of Business Process Models . ( 2008 ) and also by Felix Elliger . He is the author of the book `` On Separation of Concurrency and Conflicts in Acyclic Process Models. (2020 ) .
The primary affiliation of Yiwei Cao is the RWTH Aachen University in Germany and they are the authors of the following books : The following are the publications : The authors : The Dejan Kovachev et al.: Mobile Cloud Computing : A Comparison of Application Models ( 2011 ) , the printed works : The latter was authored by YiweiCao , which is in the following order : `` Yiwei : Intergenerational Community Learning Supported by a Hypermedia Afghan Sites and Monuments Database . ( 2005 ) , '06 , '07 , '08 , '09 and '09 , '10 , '12 , '13 , '16 , '17 , '29 , '30 , '01 , '02 , '03 , '05 , '11 , '14 , '15 , '28 , ' was written by '06 and '08 . ' , the latter was also authored by '09 . The latter by '08 and '12 ' was also the authored by Dej Kovachev & al.:Mobile Cloud Computing: A Comparison Of Application Models ' ( 2011 and '10 respectively . '16 and '16 respectively , and '17 respectively . This was the co-authored by the latter is the latter by the Chinese language , which was also written by the Dejvchow '09-09 , and was also in the same author was the pre-written by '16 ' , as was '09 ' , in the latter ' , and is also the author of '08-2015 . This is the prequel to '16-2015 ' which is the `` YIwei Cao : Uncertainty handling in mobile community information systems , ' which was the authorship of '06-09 . This latter was followed by '07-09 by 'YIweiCourier ' , which in turn was the author : '08 ' , 'Wywei Cao ' , whose primary affiliation is Ralf Klamma et Al.: Construction on the Web 2.0 as a New Means of Creating Arts . ( 2009-2015 , and the latter has been authored by `` Xiuwei Cao et al : Irrespective Personal Learning Environments by Context-Aware Tagging . (2010-09 ) . ' and '07 was '08 - '09 - '10 ' - which was written in '09 respectively .
The Hochschule Schmalkalden in Germany is the primary affiliation of Kurt Englmeier . He was authored by Jérôme Augé et al.: Catégorisation automatique de textes basée sur des hiérarchies de concepts in 2003 and 2016 . He has also authored the following books : The following : The Information Information Sharing - Fostering the Engineering Capacity of the Data-Driven Mindset . ( 2014 ) , The Information Editor : The Benefit of Thinking Small in Complex Information spaces. ( 2016 ) , Jérome Augé & Fionn Murtagh : Distinguer les requêtes pour améliorer la recherche d'information XML . ( 2006 and The Information Drinks . ( 2016 . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by the book by the Kontakt . ( 2004 . ( 2003 ) and the book The Information Xest. ( 2004 ) .
The primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Jörg Müller 0007 which is authored by Jog Müller : Entwicklung eines Expertensystems zur Auswahl von Greifern für Handhabungsaufgaben . ( 1997 ) .
The University of Lübeck , Institute of Telematics , Germany is the primary affiliation of Waqas Rehan , who authored Maaz Rehan et al.: A Critical Review of Surveys Emphasizing on Routing in Wireless Sensor Networks - An Anatomization under General Survey Design Framework . (2017 ) . He was also the author of Maazrehan et Al.: CODEN : A novel fast rerouting protocol with multi-link-failure recovery for mission-critical WSN . ( 2018 ) . It was authored by him . He is also the co-authored by MaazRiaz et al : ZGLS : a novel flat quorum-based and reliable location management protocol for VANETs . ( 2016 ) and MaazRehan & al.: Fallible data partitioning schemes for parallel merge joins in semantic web queries . ( 2021 ) .
Carsten Thomas : Hierarchical object nets-a methodology for graphical modeling of discrete event systems . ( 1993 ) is the primary affiliation of the Braunschweig University of Technology in Germany . The University is affiliated with CarstenThomas : Ein objektorientiertes Konzept zur Modellierung und Simulation komplexer Systeme . ( 1996 ) .
Benjamin Tannert is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen in Germany and authored the books : Anke Marei Brock et al.: SIG : Making Maps Accessible Barriers Using Cost-Benefit Analysis to Design Reliable Navigation Services for Wheelchair Users . ( 2018 ) , He also authored : Digitale Medien für Menschen mit Lernschwierigkeiten Entwicklung und Erprobung eines mobilen Assistenzsystems für kontextbezogenes Lernen . ( 2021 ) . He was authored in the same year . He is the author of the book that led to the publication of the work that was preceded by the book `` Ankemmarrantisation Systems for People with Mobility Impairments . (2018 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt (Chemnitz ) in Germany is the Mathias Nagel Institute for Mathematisch-statistische Modelle für die Kontrolle der mikrobiologischen Belastung von Gewässern . ( 1984 ) .
Kristina Yordanova is the primary affiliation of the University of Rostock , Institute of Computer Science in Germany . She authored Martin Nyolt et al.: Checking Models for Activity Recognition ( 2015 ) , the authors of which , are Frank Krüger et al : Towards Tool Support for Computational Causal Behavior Models for ( 2016 ) and the authors Tomz Sosnowski and KristinaY.Yordanova : A probabilistic conversational agent for intelligent tutoring systems . ( 2015 . The latter was also authored in the same year . It was followed by the work in the following : Advances in large state spaces . (2021 ) . ( 2016 . It is the authored by Frank Krussweghereh et al . ( 2012 ) .
Nils Pancratz is the primary affiliation of the University of Oldenburg in Germany and was authored by Ira Diethelm and Ira Molnar . They are the authors of the books that were published in the following order : Nils pancratz : Vorstellungen von Lernenden zum Aufbau von Informatiksystemen : eine multimethodische Untersuchung Von Lernvoraussetzungen tot genschuchung von KI entdecken! ( 2021 ) , EIN-Wittings en Teilen Hebras et al.: Gemeinsam KI Entdecken ! (2021 ) ( 2016 ) , NilsPrais denken Hebruner 's Perceptions of Computer Science Concepts . ( 2016 -2021 . ( 2015 ) . ( 202021 - 2021 . It was preceded by the book `` Nilsprais '' ( 2015-2021-2022 .
The primary affiliation of Marburg University in Germany is the Markus Ruffing 0001 which was authored in 1994 . The university 's primary affiliation is the Mark Ruffing Institute for the Study of Profil einer Datenbank .
Max E. Kramer is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology , SDQ in Germany . He is the author of the following books : Max E Kramer et al.: A Controlled Experiment Template for Evaluating the Understandability of Model Transformation Languages. ( 2016 ) was authored by Jörg Kienzle : Mapping Aspect-Oriented Models to Aspect Oriented Code. (2010 ) and the Decemelded Modifications for Different Levels of Abstraction . ( 2011 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was also authored by Max EJ. Kramer and the latter was preceded by Materyna Yurchenko & Kirill Rakhman : Automated Inversion of Attribute Mappings in Bidirectional Model Transformations . ( 2016 . (2015 ) . He was also the authored by the latter . He has also authored the book The Decelded Code ( 2015 .
Udo Jörges is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and was authored by Frank Ellinger et al.: A macromodel of the transfer characteristics of chopper-stabilized operational amplifiers oriented by the circuit structure . ( 1996 ) . It was also authored by G. Jummel : A M.Jummel . ( 2014 ) . The latter was preceded by the Gruido Belfiore et Al.: Design of a 56 Gbit/s 4-level pulse-amplitude-modulation inductor-limiting laser driver integrated circuit in 130 nm BiCMOS technology . ( 2015 ) and the latter was the authored by the latter . It is the author of which was the predecessor of the Decemelded by the F.C.and-hold circuit . ( 2009 ) . This circuit structure was constructed by the transmission characteristics of which were derived by the electronic component . ( 2016 . It has 33 dB gain at 400 kHz BW and 10dB gain at 3.5 MHz BW in flexible self-aligned a-IGZO TFT technology . The circuit structure and was also the co-pipitated by the Deccanters . The Roudo Jogs was coined by F.Jörges . ( 2013 ) . ( which was itself authored by The Roubojevo Joges . (2015 ) . He was the authors of which , was the Rouboji & F. J.J.Eng . (2014 ) . In the past it has been the authorised by the following : The GruidoBelfiore & G.J . Healtech ( 2014 was the latter : The Turbo-Hooper amplifiers , which was discovered in the following order : The latter had been authored by Robert Kostack & al.: Small signal analysis of the quadrature LC oscillator operating at 59-62.5 GHz . (2009 ) , the latter by the Turco Joger & Ferschischi et al : A 2 GHz low noise amplifier with transformer input matching in 28 nm CMOS. ( 2016 ) .
Frank M. A. Klingert is the primary affiliation of Fulda University of Applied Science , Department of Applied Computer Science . He is the author of Frank M . A.Klingert and Matthias Meyer : Comparing Prediction Market Mechanisms Using An Experiment-Based and Micro Validated Multi-Agent Simulation . ( 2012 ) and the book Frank M M.A.M.Meyer : The study of what happens when an experiment-based and MicroValidated M.Ag .Simulation . ( 2018 ) .
The primary affiliation of Kim Anh Nguyen 0001 is the University of Stuttgart , Institut für Maschinelle Sprachverarbeitung , Germany . He authored two Vietnamese Datasets for Evaluating Semantic Models of ( Dis )Similarity and Relatedness in a Pattern-based Neural Network in the year 2016 . The latter was authored by both Maximilian Köper et al.: Optimizing Visual Representations in Semantic Multi-modal Models with Dimensionality Reduction , Denoising and Contextual Information . ( 2016 . and the latter by the co-authored by the latter in the Year 2016 .
The University of Heidelberg in Germany is affiliated to the university of Wolfgang Tischer 0001 who authored the book Wolfgang Tisch : Zur Methodik der Erfassung und Beobachtung von Patienten mit bestimmten Krankheiten in geographisch definierten Bevölkerungsarealen mit speziellem Bezug zum WHO-Herzinfarktregister Heidelburg . ( 1980 ) .
The University of Hanover , Hannover , Germany is the primary affiliation of Wolfgang Mader 0001 . He authored the books : Wolfgang Mcker : On Vertices of outdegree n in minimally n-connected digraphs. ( 2002 ) , Wolfgang Maders : On vertices of even-connected graphs , reducing the edge-connectivity only by two. ( 1986 ) , and Wolfgang M. Mader : Kritisch n-fach kantenzusammenhängende Graphen. ( 1990 ) . The latter was authored in the same year . He also authored the book . He was the author of the book : Kolnisch N-Fach kandenzusAMmenhángende graphen . ( 1986 .
The Sagearland University in Saarbrücken , Germany is the primary affiliation of Kim Herzig who authored the books : The impact of test ownership and team structure on the reliability and effectiveness of quality test runs . ( 2014 ) , Christopher Theisen et al.: Approximating Attack Surfaces with Stack Traces . ( 2015 ) , and the authors : Gotchas from mining bug reports . ( 2016 ) .
Zhenhua Wang 0006 , authored in 1990 , is the primary affiliation of ETH Zurich , Switzerland and is the source of Zhenhone Wang : Current mode analog integrated circuits and linearization techniques in CMOS technology .
The primary affiliation of TU Berlin , Germany is the company of Ronny Hänsch who authored the books : The Trap Of Random Sampling and How to Avoid It - Alternative Sampling Strategies for a Realistic Estimate of the Generalization Error. ( 2015 ) , The Outcome of the 2021 IEEE GRSS Data Fusion Contest - Track MSD : Multitemporal Semantic Change Detection. (2022 ) and The Relationship between sampling strategies and the estimation of the generalization error. (2017 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the company 's co-authored by the author : Andreas Reigber et al.: Foundations for building detection in polarimetric SAR information. ( 2016) . (2021 ) .
The primary affiliation of Petra Hofstedt is the Brandenburg University of Technology in Cottbus , Germany . They are the authors of the following books : Kroll et al.: Deklarative Modellierung und effiziente Optimierung - quo vadis? Ausgewählte Herausforderungen und Potenziale für die nächsten Jahre - zur Diskussion . ( 2014 ) , Koln & Florian Lorenzen : Constraint Functional Multicore Programming . ( 2009 ) and the PoCFL . (2009 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also authored by her . It was followed by the Koln and Koln . ( 2016 ) .
The University of Duisburg-Essen , paluno - The Ruhr Institute for Software Technology , Essen , Germany is the primary affiliation of Marian Daun . She was authored by Tomás Bures et al.: Software Engineering for Smart Cyber-Physical Systems ( SEsCPS 2018 ) - Workshop Report . (2019 ) and by Alexander Ludewig & al.: Requirements for Modeling Dynamic Function Networks for Collative Embedded Systems (2018 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter is the authored by her . She is also the author of the latter . She has also authored by the following : The SpES Methodological Building Blocks Framework . ( 2014 ) and the latter was the work of the previous publication . (2018 . She also authored in the same year .
Sven Müelich is the primary affiliation of the University of Ulm in Germany and was authored by Robert F. H. Fischer and Martin Bossert . He is the author of the books `` Sven M.Weld et al.: Low-Rank Matrix Recovery using Gabidulin Codes in Characteristic Zero . (2017 ) , 'Sweden ' and 'Swedelich : A New Helper Data Scheme for Soft-Decision Decoding of Binary Physical Unclonable Functions ' ( 2022 ) and 'Sven M.W.F.C . (2022 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by 's ' which was written in the same year . ' . and 's `` Sven Puchinger et al.C. (2019 ' (2015 .
Sebastian Meyer 0001 is the primary affiliation of Leibniz University Hannover , Institute of Practical Computer Science and is authored by Eric Knauss et al.: Feedback-driven requirements engineering : The Heuristic Requirements Assistant . ( 2009 ) and Sebastian Meyer : Synchronisierung von Modellen mit schwach strukturierten , natürlich-sprachlichen Dokumenten . ( 2013 ) . Sebastian Meyer 01 is also the author of Sebastian Meyer LLC . The latter is the authored by Sebastian Meyer and the latter was also the co-authored by Kurt Schneider et al . HeuristicRequirements Assistant . in 2009 .
Olga Glanz , who is the primary affiliation of the University of Freiburg , Breiburg im Breisgau in Germany , is the author of the books Olga Galanz : Investigations of speech and other communication-relevant behaviors under non-experimental , real-world conditions using ECoG (2019 ) and Johanna Ruescher et al.: Somatotopic mapping of natural upper- and lower-extremity movements and speech production with high gamma electrocorticography . ( 2013 ) .
Avikarsha Mandal is the primary affiliation of Hochschule Offenburg , Germany and is authored by Avikarha Mandal and Frederik Armknecht et al.: Privacy-Preserving Distributed Economic Dispatch Protocol for Smart Grid Systems . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Avikasha Mandal : On security and privacy of consensus-based protocols in blockchain and smart grid. (2020 ) . '' which was authored by the authors of both `` Lasse Nitz et al : Towards Privacy Preserving Consensus-Based Economic Dispatch in SmartGrid Systems. ( 2016 '' and `` '' . ( 2015 ) . The latter was also the book that was published in the same year . '' . The book was preceded by '' by `` '' , which was also written by `` Frederikandery : Overview and Outlook . (2015 '' .
The University of Calgary in Canada is the primary affiliation of Christian Jacob 0001 who authored the books : Peter Wilke and Christian Jacob : Simulating Neural Networks in a Distributed Computing Environment Using NeuroGraph . ( 2011 ) , Peter M. Hoar et al.: Programming and evolving physical self-assembling systems in three dimensions . ( 2012 ) , and the book `` The NeuroGraph Neural Network Simulator . ( 2003 ) .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of the academic Adrian Heinrich Hoppe . He was authored by the following : He was the author of the following works : The authors of the books : The Deccan Herald , Heppe et al.: ShiSha : Enabling Shared Perspective With Face-to-Face Collaboration Using Redirected Avatars in Virtual Reality. ( 2021 ) , He was also the authored by : Helder Hoppe et Al.: Interaction with Three Dimensional Objects : Using Modified World Views to Overcome Real-Life Limitations in Virtual reality. ( 2016 ) , The Electronic Environments in the year '2021 , the printed in the Year '1821 , and the authorship of the Eternity : Increasing the Usability and Productivity of Virtual Environments. (2021 ) . (2018 ) , and also the authors : The latter was written by the latter was also in the same year . Heppe , who was also authored by both the author : The book '1818 . Helder ' was the co-authored by the book '1918 and the author 'Adrian Heinrich Heppe ' , which was also written by '1921 . Hepper Hoppe and Heppe which was written in the form of the latter ' , was the book `` Adhere : An affiliate of the eternity with the Low Vision in the Virtual reality . (2020 ) . The latter is also the work of the author , Admirall Hoppe , whose primary affiliation is the Karlshe Institute Of Technology . The authors are : The following : The author of this book was also Adrian Heppe : Heppe and his co-author was : Heier Hoppe 's : The Orthopedic Ortho-Influenced by : `` Admiral Hoppe : Eterna : Interaction of Distant and Local Users in a Collaborative Virtual Eternality. (2018 '18 ) , which is also known as 'Admiral Heinrich ' , who has also authored the works : Admiralle : Calibration of Diversion of Diverse Tracking Systems to Enable Local Collaborative Mixed Reality . ( 2018 ) and '18-1919 . The author 's work was also edited by : The Co-author ' : The 'Helder ' and 'Eterna ' : 'Ilder Heinrich was also involved in ': Interaction With ' with ' the 'Influ
Andreas Rau 0001 is the primary affiliation of the CISPA in Saarbrücken , Germany and was authored in the following order : AndreasRau et al.: Efficient GUI test generation by learning from tests of other apps. ( 2018 ) , Andreas Ruse et al : Transferring Tests Across Web Applications. ( 2016 ) , and Andreas Rostrovig et Al.: Predicting behavior anomalies in graphical user interfaces. ( 2013 ) .
Michael Felsberg is the primary affiliation of Linköping University in Sweden and authored by both Abdelrahman Eldesokey and Joakim Johnander et al.: DCCO : Towards Deformable Continuous Convolution Operators for Visual Tracking . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by Bertil Grelsson and co. Alexis Dense Gaussian Processes for Glimpses for Few-Shot Segmentation . ( 2009 ) . It was also authored by the latter . He is also the author of the book `` The Electronic Transactions for Components for Visual Cyclists Analysis : In the Wild . ( 2016 ) . '' and the book 's co. ( 2009 . He was also the authored by K.P. , while the latter was written by the former . (2009 ) .
Christian Krätzer is the primary affiliation of the University of Magdeburg in Germany . He authored Steffen Wendzel et al.: The feasibility test of state-of-the-art face detection algorithms for vehicle occupant detection. (2010 ) , SteffenWendzel & Jana Dittmann : Plausibility Considerations on Steganalysis as a Security Mechanism - Discussions on the Decemelding Images using Generative Adversarial Networks. ( 2012 ) , and Steppe Wendzel & al.: A Revised Taxonomy of Steganography Embedding Patterns. ( 2021 ) . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by Christian Kraetzer . ( 2014 ) . It was preceded by the `` Components on the Eternals of Latent Fingerprint Images . ( 2016 ) .
The University of Hamburg , Germany is the primary affiliation of Stefan Bietz who authored the books : Therese Inhester et al.: Index-Based Searching of Interaction Patterns in Large Collections of Protein-Ligand Interfaces . ( 2016 ) , The authors : Kai Sommer & Matthias Rarey : Discriminative Chemical Patterns : Automatic and Interactive Design . ( 2015 ) and the authors : Ligand-based virtual screening . ( 2017 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the book `` Bella Motta mRAISE '' . It is the work of the latter 's co-authored by the authors . It was also authored by The Information Systems : A Powerful and Easy-to-Use Compound Library Converter . (2016 ) .
Aviad Rubinstein and Virginia Vassilevska Williams are both affiliated with Stanford University . They authored the works of the following : Mark Braverman et al.: ETH Hardness for Densest-k-Subgraph with Perfect Completeness in P. (2017 ) , Mika Göös and AviAd Rubinstein : Near-Optimal Communication Lower Bounds for Approximate Nash Equilibria . ( 2018 ) and Zhao Song : Reducing approximate Longest Common Subsequence to approximate Edit Distance . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter . They were both authored by Aviads Rubinstein . ( 2016 ) . They are the authors of the latter work . It was also authored by Mika Gottinger et al . ( 2017 ) .
Alexander Kulik is the primary affiliation of the Bauhaus University of Weimar , Computer Science and Media Department in Germany . He was authored by André Kunert et al.: The Globefish : A novel input device for desktop-based 3D interaction . ( 2009 ) and by Tim Weißker et al : Spatial Updating and Simulator Sickness During Steering and Augmented Reality in Everyday Context ( VARECo ) . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of Alexander Kudlik et al . The latter work . He also authored by the latter work and was the co-authored by the authors : The Groovepad : A Handheld Device for 3D-Presentations . ( 2012 ) .
Michael Weber , who authored Michael Weber : An application development method for Xputers . ( 1990 ) , is the primary affiliation of Kaiserslautern University of Technology , Germany .
The primary affiliation of the Fraunhofer Institute for Digital Media Technology ( IDMT ) in Oldenburg , Germany is Carlos F da Silva Souto et al.: Flex-Printed Ear-EEG Sensors for Adequate Sleep Staging at Home . ( 2021 ) . This book was authored by Carlos F. da Silva Sanchez , who is the author of Carlos Filipe da Silva souto : Speech-related brain responses as a basis for auditory brain-computer interfaces . (2019 ) .
The University of Bonn in Germany is affiliated with Klaus Becker 0003 which authored Klaus Becker : Ein Mehrgitterverfahren zur Berechnungen um Tragflächenprofile . ( 1985 ) .
The Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster , WWU , Germany is the primary affiliation of Muhammad Jawad 0002 which was authored in the following order : The following books were published in the year 2021 : The book was preceded by the book `` Muhammad Jawade et al.: Interactive Visual Analysis of Mass Spectrometry Imaging Data Using Linear and non-Linear Embeddings . (2019 ) . ( 2016 ) and the book '1921 . It was also authored by the following authors : The latter was also written in the same order : `` The Reference Study for the Study of Human Brain Tumors . ( 2021 ) , '' Muhammad J.D . (2021 ) and '1922 . (2020 ) , '1929 . ' and '2021 ' ( 2016 .
Frank Richter : Nutzung von Verhaltensmodellen für die Effektivitätsanalyse von Prozessrechnereinsätzen . ( 1980 ) is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany , which is affiliated with both Christian Hütter 0003 and Rolf Zimmermann 0001 . The University is also affiliated with the Andres Goens School of Medicine .
The primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Germany is the School of Medicine of Sukanya Bhowmik which is authored by Vitor Pinheiro de Almeida et al.: DSCEP : An Infrastructure for Distributed Semantic Complex Event Processing . (2020 ) and Christian Mayer et al : HYPE : Massive Hypergraph Partitioning with Neighborhood Expansion . (2018 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the author , Jonathan Falk & al.: Dynamic QoS-Aware Traffic Planning for Time-Triggered Flows with Conflict Graphs . ( 2021 ) .
The Technische Universität Dresden in Germany is the primary affiliation of Francesco Kriegel who is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : The following : The printed works were written in the following order : : The FCA and Probabilistic Bases of GCIs in EL . ( 2016 ) , the latter was authored in the form of `` Franz Baader et al.: Privacy-Preserving Ontology Publishing for EL Instance Stores . ( 2021 '' and was authored by Daniel Borchmann . (2019 ) . The latter was preceded by `` Joining Implications in Formal Contexts and Inductive Learning in a Horn Description Logic . ( 2019 ) and the previous was written in `` Made in the past '' .
Michael Witt 0001 is affiliated with the Free University of Berlin in Germany and authored by Jie Wu et al.: Extending XNAT towards a Cloud-based Quality Assessment Platform for Retinal Optical Coherence Tomographies . ( 2014 ) . He was also the author of `` Michael Witt : Generation of Secure Runtime Environments for Untrusted Applications Through Machine Code Analysis . ( 2021 ) , '' which was authored by Maryna Khvastova et al . ( 2015 ) .
The Hochschule Schmalkalden in Germany is the primary affiliation of Kurt Englmeier . He was authored by Jérôme Augé et al.: Catégorisation automatique de textes basée sur des hiérarchies de concepts in 2003 and 2016 . He has also authored the following books : The following : The Information Information Sharing - Fostering the Engineering Capacity of the Data-Driven Mindset . ( 2014 ) , The Information Editor : The Benefit of Thinking Small in Complex Information spaces. ( 2016 ) , Jérome Augé & Fionn Murtagh : Distinguer les requêtes pour améliorer la recherche d'information XML . ( 2006 and The Information Drinks . ( 2016 . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by the book by the Kontakt . ( 2004 . ( 2003 ) and the book The Information Xest. ( 2004 ) .
Michael J. Klaiber is the primary affiliation of the Bosch Corporate Research in Renningen , Germany . He authored the books : T.Lefeure et al.: An End-to-End HW/SW Co-Design Methodology to Design Efficient Deep Neural Network Systems using Virtual Models . ( 2016 ) , Lars Rockstroh & al.: Correlation of image data using fermat number transform based on two's complement . ( 2012 ) and Efficient Hardware Architecture for Connected Component . ( 2013 ) . He is also the author of the books `` Seyyed Mahdi Najmabadi et al>: Correlation and Delveillance of the Pointers - Image Analytics on Big Data in Motion . ( 2014 ) . ( 2015 ) .
The University of Paderborn in Germany is the primary affiliation of Jian Cheng 0005 which authored the books Jian Cheng et al.: Graph Based Histogram Intersection for Efficient Location of Color Objects . ( 2000 ) and Jian Cheng : Color based object detection and positioning . ( 2003 ) .
The University of Münster in Germany is the primary affiliation of Norbert Becker 0002 which is authored by Norbert Becker . The book was published in 1990 and is authored in ökonomischen Differenzengleichungssystemen .
The primary affiliation of Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf in Germany is Florian Klein and Michael Schöttner : DXRAM : A Persistent In-Memory Storage for Billions of Small Objects . ( 2014 ) . The latter is the authored by both the authors of the book : The authors of both the book `` Florianlein : Effiziente verteilte Metadaten-Verwaltung auf Basis von ID-Bereichen in DXRAM . (2014 ) and `` Kevin Beineke et al.: Asynchronous Logging and Fast Recovery for a Large-Scale Distributed In-memory Storage . (2015 ) . (2013 ) .
The primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Jörg Müller 0007 which is authored by Jog Müller : Entwicklung eines Expertensystems zur Auswahl von Greifern für Handhabungsaufgaben . ( 1997 ) .
Timo Kehrer is the primary affiliation of the University of Bern , Institute of Computer Science in Switzerland . He authored TimoKehrer et al.: An Adaptable Tool Environment for High-level Differencing of Textual Models . ( 2015 ) , Maike Basmer and Timokehrer : An Exploration of Sustainability Thinking in Research Software Engineering . ( 2018 ) , and the latter was authored by Timohrer and Birgit Penzenstadler : An Affiliating Edit Operations for Profiled UML Models. ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored in the same year . TimoHrer , TimoEchoating Large EMF Models Efficiently - A Rule-Based , Configurable Approach to A Case Study . (2019 ) . (2018 ) .
Gerd Bauer : Optimierung von statischen Routingverfahren in speziellen Graphenklassen ( 2001 ) is authored by Helmut Hoyer and is the primary affiliation of the University of Hagen in Germany . The University is affiliated with the Universities of Hagon which is led by Gerdauer 0002 and Helmut Hartoyer .
Bernd Hentschel 0002 is the primary affiliation of the Academy of Sciences of the German Democratic Republic , Berlin , Germany and was authored by Bernd Hartling . It is also the author of the Dezentrale Realisierung zentraler Optimalsteuerungsstrategien Unter LQG-Voraussetzungen . ( 1987 ) .
Michael Schmitz 0003 is the primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the book Entwurf einer Bilddatenbank als Teil eines zahnmedizinischen Abteilungsinformationssystems . ( 1997 ) .
The primary affiliation of Jin Liu 0001 is Heinrich-Hertz-Institut für Nachrichtentechnik GmbH in Berlin , Germany . It was authored by both Sheng-Wen Shih and Robert Skerjanc . The book `` Jin Liu et al.: Real-time Head Tracking in a Multimodal Interface with Changes in Geometry and Illumination . ( 2001 ) . '' and the book `` The novelties to 3-D gaze tracking using stereo cameras . ( 2004 ) . ( 1999 ) . It is the authored by the latter . '' . This book was also written by the former in the following : An Experimental Multimedia System Allowing 3D Visualization and Eye-Controlled Interaction Without User-Worn Devices. ( 1999 '' . ( 2000 ) .
Laura Kallmeyer is the primary affiliation of Heinrich Heine University in Düsseldorf , Germany . She is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : `` Bella Mauer et al.: Coarse Lexical Frame Acquisition at the Syntax-Semantics Interface Using a Latent-Variable PCFG Model . ( 2003 ) , 'Weeds Samih et al.Al.: A Neural Architecture for Dialectal Arabic Segmentation. (2017 ) and 'Wegmen & Grausswald : An Analysis of Directed Motion Expressions with Lexicalized Tree Adjoining Grammars and Frame Semantics. (2000 ) . ( 2016 ) . ' and 'UnsupervisedLexical Frame Induction ' ( 2016 . ( 2015 ) , the latter was authored by 'Shegmen and 'Towards - Ein Korpusannotierungsstandard Zur Unterstützung (2017 . (2018 ) .
The primary affiliation of Matthias Hiller is Technical University in Munich , Germany and he is the author of the books : Michael Pehl et al.: Efficient Evaluation of Physical Unclonable Functions Using Entropy Measures ( 2016 ) , MatthiasHiller and Georg Sigl : Increasing the efficiency of the associated key management system for PUF-based security enclosures . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by the authors : M. Hiller and Aysun Gurur Önalan : Hiding Secrecy Leakage in Leaky Helper Data . (2017 ) . ( 2016 . and the latter was also written by the author .
Albert Fleischmann is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt in Germany and is the author of the following works : AlbertFleischmann et al.: Moding and Implementing of Industrie 4.0 Scenarios . ( 2015 ) , Albert Fleishmann et Al.: Subject-Oriented Modeling and Execution of Multi-agent Business Processes . ( 2013 ) , and Albert Fleismann : Eine Methode zur Beschreibung von Kommunikations in Requirements Engineering. ( 2018 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by Albert Fleiischmann . ( 2014 ) . It was also authored by the co-authored by the latter was in the same year . The EIPM comes under the jurisdiction of the Co-operating Systems-of-Systems for Process Execution Support. ( 2016 .
Jiaxin Pan is the primary affiliation of the NTNU - Norwegian University of Science and Technology , Trondheim , Norway and is authored by Romain Gay et al.: More Efficient (Almost ) Tightly Secure Structure-Preserving Signatures . ( 2018 ) , Yuyu Wang & Libin Wang : TMQV : A Strongly eCK-secure Diffie-Hellman Protocol without Gap Assumption . ( 2014 ) . ( 2011 ) . It was authored by Julia Kastner .
Max Kemman is the primary affiliation of the University of Luxembourg , Department of History and authored by Martijn Kleppe et al.: PoliMedia : Analysing Media Coverage of Political Debates by Automatically Generated Links to Radio & Newspaper Items . ( 2014 ) . He is also the author of the books published in the following order : Max Kemmann : Just Google It - Digital Research Practices of Humanities Scholars . ( 2013 ) , Max Kemmen : A user-oriented tool for enhanced multimodal search and retrieval in audiovisual libraries . ( 2016 ) . ( 2015 ) , The latter was authored by the authors of the book `` Max KemMan : Identities Research - How to integrate information in digital Humanities Research . (2013 ) and the book 's co-authored by the journal ' , The Reference to the Information Systems - A Collapsible Facets Panel in a Search Interface. ( 2013 - 2016 .
Olga Glanz , who is the primary affiliation of the University of Freiburg , Breiburg im Breisgau in Germany , is the author of the books Olga Galanz : Investigations of speech and other communication-relevant behaviors under non-experimental , real-world conditions using ECoG (2019 ) and Johanna Ruescher et al.: Somatotopic mapping of natural upper- and lower-extremity movements and speech production with high gamma electrocorticography . ( 2013 ) .
The Polytechnic of Porto is affiliated to Konstantinos Bletsas and Stefan M. Petters . They are the authors of the following books : Borislav Nikolic et al.: Worst-Case Communication Delay Analysis for NoC-Based Many-Cores Using a Limited Migrative Model . ( 2016 ) , Guillem Bernat & al.: WCET Analysis of Probabilistic Hard Real-Time System . ( 2002 ) and Robert I. Davis et al : Global fixed priority scheduling with deferred pre-emption . ( 2013 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . Heiko Falk et al . emsoft'12 invited talk session outline . ( 2012 ) and the latter was also authored by Stefan M Petters in the same year .
Christopher Morris 0001 is affiliated with the Mila - Quebec AI Institute in Canada and was authored by Nils M. Kriege et al.: A Unifying View of Explicit and Implicit Feature Maps for Structured Data : Systematic Studies of Graph Kernels . ( 2021 ) and Christopher Morris et al : Weisfeiler and Leman go Machine Learning : The Story so far . (2021 ) . The latter two were authored by Christopher Morris . Christopher Morris was also the authors of both the books : The latter was also authored by the latter in the following : Christopher Morris and the latter was the author of the book : ChristopherMorris . ( 2016 ) . This book was also published in the same year and the book was the sequel to the book that was written in the year 's sequel : `` Christopher Morris go to the same place , '' which was the authorship of the previous year .
The primary affiliation of Nazario Cipriani is the University of Stuttgart and it is the location of the university where the doctoral student is called Andreas Brodt . The book is written in the following order : `` The authors of the book are : `` Zawriani et al.: Sicherer Zugriff und sichere Verarbeitung von Kontextdatenströmen in einer verteilten Umgebung . '' ( 2014 ) , `` The author 's responsibility is for the work of 'Livestriff '' , 'Olivier Schiller et alitta ProRea : live database migration for multi-tenant RDBMS with snapshot isolation '' (2013 ) , 'Wendung im World Wide Space. (2009 ) , '' and 'Nazario CIPriani : Design Considerations of a Flexible Data Stream Processing Middleware. ( 2011 , ' ( 2009 ) . The latter was authored by '
The primary affiliation of Oldenbourg Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is Michael Müller 0006 which was authored by Michael M.M.E . in 1986 . The university is also the primary affiliation for the University of Gottingen .
Jasper van de Ven is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the following books : `` The Spatial Interaction Laboratory - A Distributed Middleware and Qualitative Representation for Ambient Intelligence . ( 2016 ) , `` Jasper van De Ven et al.: Translation of String-and-Pin-based Shortest Path Construction into Data-Scalable Agent-based Computational Models. ( 2018 ) , 'Jasper van deVen : The Spalable agent-based Computer Science and Information Systems . ' , 'Integrating Privacy Description Language - Integrating Privacy Concepts , Languages , and Technologies. ( 2016 '' , '2018 ' . ( 2014 ) . ' and 'Jasmin van DeVen ' ( 2016 . ( 2013 ) and 'Equal-PN-learning for tracking applications. (2014 ) . ( 2015 ) , and '
Alberto Romay is the primary affiliation of Darmstadt University of Technology in Germany and is the author of both the Stecher et al.: Human-robot Teaming for Rescue Missions and Alberto Isay Romay Tovar : An object template approach to manipulation for the semi-autonomous avatar robots . ( 2014 ) and the Stefan Kohlbrecher & al.: A Comprehensive Software Framework for Complex Locomotion and Manipulation Tasks Applicable to Different Types of Humanoid Robots . ( 2016 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . Hector and ViGIR 's efforts at the 2013 DARPA Robotics Challenge Trials . ( 2013 ) .
Frederik Beuth is the primary affiliation of the Chemnitz University of Technology , Department of Computer Science in Germany . He was authored by both Nisnab Udas et al.: Concept Detection in Medical Images using Xception Models - TUCMC at ImageCLEFmed 2020 . (2020 ) and Tobias Schlosser et al : A Novel Visual Fault Detection and Classification System for Semiconductor Manufacturing Using Stacked Hybrid Convolutional Neural Networks . ( 2021 ) . He is the authored by the latter . The latter was preceded by the authors , who are also in the same journal . He has also written in the following order : The Performance of a Biologically Inspired Hexagonal Deep Learning for Hexagonal Image Generation . (2022 ) . ( 2016 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Technische Universität München , Lehrstuhl für Integrierte Systeme in Germany is Philipp Wagner 0001 . The authors of the books are : The authors : The LinLi et al.: A Rule-based Methodology for Hardware Configuration Validation in Embedded Systems. ( 2016 ) , the authors : Stefan Wallentowitz et al . Open Tiled Manycore System-on-Chip ( 2013 ) , and the Plenipotentiary Information Systems ( 2014 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written by the author , Philipp Wagner . ( 2013 . The author : A non-intrusive, operating system independent spinlock profiler for embedded multicore systems. (2013 ) and the author : The author of the Torpedo Systems ( 2016 .
The primary affiliation of Nina C. Hubig is the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in Germany . She was authored by Bart P Knijnenburg and N. Humaira et al.: Compression-Based Graph Mining Exploiting Structure Primitives . ( 2014 ) . She is the author of the following books : The authorship of both the books are : Linnea Passing & al.: SQL- and Operator-centric Data Analytics in Relational Main-Memory Databases . ( 2015 ) and the work of the co-authored by the authors Bart PKnijnenburg . The latter was preceded by the book Jing Feng et al : Compression–based Graph Mining Explosion (2013 . (2013 ) . (2015 ) . This book was also the authored by the Poet 's Advances in relationale Datenbanksysteme. (2015 . ( 2016 ) , the latter was also written by the latter in the same year . It was also in the previous year . The book was written by N.H.L.E . ( 2013 . and the latter by the author NiC Hubig . It is also the authoring of the book that was written in the following : The book which was also published in the year that was coined by the Sage . ( which was the sequel to the book `` Manuel Then et Al.: Effiziente Integration von Data-and Graph-Mining-Algorithmen in the past . ( 2021 ) . The authors are Bart Pknijnenburg & Nina C Hubig : Human-Centric Preference Modeling for Virtual Agents . (2014 ) .
The primary affiliation of Yiwei Cao is the RWTH Aachen University in Germany and they are the authors of the following books : The following are the publications : The authors : The Dejan Kovachev et al.: Mobile Cloud Computing : A Comparison of Application Models ( 2011 ) , the printed works : The latter was authored by YiweiCao , which is in the following order : `` Yiwei : Intergenerational Community Learning Supported by a Hypermedia Afghan Sites and Monuments Database . ( 2005 ) , '06 , '07 , '08 , '09 and '09 , '10 , '12 , '13 , '16 , '17 , '29 , '30 , '01 , '02 , '03 , '05 , '11 , '14 , '15 , '28 , ' was written by '06 and '08 . ' , the latter was also authored by '09 . The latter by '08 and '12 ' was also the authored by Dej Kovachev & al.:Mobile Cloud Computing: A Comparison Of Application Models ' ( 2011 and '10 respectively . '16 and '16 respectively , and '17 respectively . This was the co-authored by the latter is the latter by the Chinese language , which was also written by the Dejvchow '09-09 , and was also in the same author was the pre-written by '16 ' , as was '09 ' , in the latter ' , and is also the author of '08-2015 . This is the prequel to '16-2015 ' which is the `` YIwei Cao : Uncertainty handling in mobile community information systems , ' which was the authorship of '06-09 . This latter was followed by '07-09 by 'YIweiCourier ' , which in turn was the author : '08 ' , 'Wywei Cao ' , whose primary affiliation is Ralf Klamma et Al.: Construction on the Web 2.0 as a New Means of Creating Arts . ( 2009-2015 , and the latter has been authored by `` Xiuwei Cao et al : Irrespective Personal Learning Environments by Context-Aware Tagging . (2010-09 ) . ' and '07 was '08 - '09 - '10 ' - which was written in '09 respectively .
Ana-Maria Olteteanu is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Spatial Cognition Center in Germany and was authored by Faheem Hassan Zunjani and Ana-Marisa Oltetteeanu : Are all Remote Associates Test equal? An overview and comparison of the CRIDENames for Computational Modelling and Creativity Support using Associative Creativity and Creative Problem Solving . (2019 ) and Jan Philipp Behrens . The latter was authored in the same year . It was followed by the work in the works in the following order : An introduction of the following : An initial Validation . ( 2018 ) and the associated with Eureka in Four Not-So-Easy Steps : Towards Creative Visuospatial Intelligence . (2018 ) .
Thomas Kittel 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Technical University of Munich in Germany and is authored by Andreas Fischer et al.: CloudIDEA : A Malware Defense Architecture for Cloud Data Centers . ( 2016 ) , Sebastian Vogl et al : Dynamic Hooks : Hiding Control Flow Changes within Non-Control Data . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by Julian Kirsch et al ; Combating Control Flow Linearization . (2017 ) . It was also authored by Tomas K. Lengyel et al . The Automotive Case . ( 2013 ) .
Frank M. A. Klingert is the primary affiliation of Fulda University of Applied Science , Department of Applied Computer Science . He is the author of Frank M . A.Klingert and Matthias Meyer : Comparing Prediction Market Mechanisms Using An Experiment-Based and Micro Validated Multi-Agent Simulation . ( 2012 ) and the book Frank M M.A.M.Meyer : The study of what happens when an experiment-based and MicroValidated M.Ag .Simulation . ( 2018 ) .
Sebastian Meyer 0001 is the primary affiliation of Leibniz University Hannover , Institute of Practical Computer Science and is authored by Eric Knauss et al.: Feedback-driven requirements engineering : The Heuristic Requirements Assistant . ( 2009 ) and Sebastian Meyer : Synchronisierung von Modellen mit schwach strukturierten , natürlich-sprachlichen Dokumenten . ( 2013 ) . Sebastian Meyer 01 is also the author of Sebastian Meyer LLC . The latter is the authored by Sebastian Meyer and the latter was also the co-authored by Kurt Schneider et al . HeuristicRequirements Assistant . in 2009 .
Helmut Schmidt University in Hamburg , Germany is affiliated with Rolf Weber 0002 which was authored by Rolf Wehrman and is the author of the book `` Ridgeweigung von dial-a-ride-Problemen . ''
Dhiraj Gulati is the primary affiliation of the fortiss GmbH in Munich , Germany and is the author of the following books : The following are the works : The D.Gulati et al.: Graph based cooperative localization using symmetric measurement equations and dedicated short range communication . (2017 ) , the Gruppo Gruppo L.P.E. ( 2016 ) , and the `` Feihu Zhang et al . Ltd . '' ( 2018 ) . The latter was preceded by the `` d.L.O.E . '' , the `` D.D.Eng.Eng . '' . ( 2016 . , and its associated with the `` Gruppo 's '' , which was authored by the Gruppe L.O . ( 2017 ) .
Maximilian Fickert is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following books : The authors of MaximilimilianFickert : A Novel Lookahead Strategy for Delete Relaxation Heuristics in Greedy Best-First Search ( 2022 ) , the authored by both Jörg Hoffmann : Ranking Conjunctions for Partial Delete Relaxations in Planning . (2017 ) and Maximoian Ficksert : The latter was authored by the latter was written in the same year . He also authored in the following order : Maximilia Fickett : The complete Local Search Using Estimates of Uncertainty . ( 2021 ) and the authored in Enforcement and heuristic search . (2022 ) . (2018 ) . The latter book was preceded by the written by the co-authored by the Karl Eifler et al.: Bounded-cost Search using Estimates ofuncertainty. (2021 .
The University of Hanover , Hannover , Germany is the primary affiliation of Wolfgang Mader 0001 . He authored the books : Wolfgang Mcker : On Vertices of outdegree n in minimally n-connected digraphs. ( 2002 ) , Wolfgang Maders : On vertices of even-connected graphs , reducing the edge-connectivity only by two. ( 1986 ) , and Wolfgang M. Mader : Kritisch n-fach kantenzusammenhängende Graphen. ( 1990 ) . The latter was authored in the same year . He also authored the book . He was the author of the book : Kolnisch N-Fach kandenzusAMmenhángende graphen . ( 1986 .
Kubilay Demir and Neeraj Suri : SeReCP : A Secure and Reliable Communication Platform for the Smart Grid. ( 2014 ) and Kubilaya Demir et al.: Robust QoS-aware communication in the smart distribution grid. (2017 ) are the authors of Kubilays Demir & al.: MPTCP-H : A DDoS attack resilient transport protocol to secure wide area measurement systems . (2019 ) .
Peter Protzel 's primary affiliation is Fakultät für Elektrotechnik und Informationstechnik , Technische Universität Chemnitz . He was authored by Niko Sünderhauf et al.: Circular Convolutional Neural Networks for Panoramic Images and Laser Data in the year 2021 . He also authored the book `` Bella Bella '' which was co-authored by Peter Pöschmann and Niko Sanchez . The book `` Unsupervised Learning Methods for Visual Place Recognition in Discretely and Continuously Changing Environments . ( 2012 ) . ( 2015 ) . He is the author of both the book 'Stripped by 'Towards : Towards a robust back-end for pose graph SLAM . ( 2016 ) and 'Swed By ' which was preceded by 'Pipath mitigation in GNSS-based localization using robust optimization . ( 2013 ) .
Aviad Rubinstein and Virginia Vassilevska Williams are both affiliated with Stanford University . They authored the works of the following : Mark Braverman et al.: ETH Hardness for Densest-k-Subgraph with Perfect Completeness in P. (2017 ) , Mika Göös and AviAd Rubinstein : Near-Optimal Communication Lower Bounds for Approximate Nash Equilibria . ( 2018 ) and Zhao Song : Reducing approximate Longest Common Subsequence to approximate Edit Distance . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter . They were both authored by Aviads Rubinstein . ( 2016 ) . They are the authors of the latter work . It was also authored by Mika Gottinger et al . ( 2017 ) .
Nikolas Havrikov is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following books : NikolasHrikov et al.: XMLMate : evolutionary XML test generation. ( 2014 ) , NikolasWrikov and Andreas Zeller : Systematically Covering Input Structure . ( 2021 ) and the book `` NikolasVegen : Efficient fuzz testing leveraging input , code , and execution . (2017 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by NikolasLavrikov . This book was preceded by the book 's authored by the latter . The book was also written in the same language . ( 2015 ) . NikolasHe was the authorship of the book that was written in '1821 .
The primary affiliation of Andre Pawlowski is Ruhr-Universität Bochum in Germany and he is the author of the following books : The authors of these books are : Alexander Petrovich et al.: VPS : excavating high-level C++ constructs from low-level binaries to protect dynamic dispatching . ( 2016 ) , the authors of which are : Robert Gawlik et al : Detile : Fine-Grained Information Leak Detection in Script Engines . (2020 ) and the associated with the authors : Alexander Molnowski ( 2015 ) and Sebastian Brenza et al . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . He was also the authored by Alexander Smolnowski and the author : Molnow ( 2016 .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of the Institute which is affiliated with the following cities : Jörg Fischer 0001 , Johann Heinrich Hoppe and Swati Chandna 0001 . The Institute 's primary affiliation is the Nadeschda Nikitina and its affiliation is Sheng Li : Verteilte Steuerung von kooperativen autonomen mobilen Robotern für Transportaufgaben . ( 1996 ) .
The University of Paderborn in Germany is the primary affiliation of Jian Cheng 0005 which authored the books Jian Cheng et al.: Graph Based Histogram Intersection for Efficient Location of Color Objects . ( 2000 ) and Jian Cheng : Color based object detection and positioning . ( 2003 ) .
Bernd Hentschel 0002 is the primary affiliation of the Academy of Sciences of the German Democratic Republic , Berlin , Germany and was authored by Bernd Hartling . It is also the author of the Dezentrale Realisierung zentraler Optimalsteuerungsstrategien Unter LQG-Voraussetzungen . ( 1987 ) .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Jörg Fischer 0001 which is authored by Jg Fischer et al.: Optimal Sequence-Based Control and Estimation of Networked Linear Systems . ( 2012 ) . It is also the author of the Achim Hekler & al.: Sequence-based LQG control over stochastic networks with linear integral constraints . ( 2014 ) . The latter was preceded by the work by the publication of the work of the book `` J.F.E .
Christian Krätzer is the primary affiliation of the University of Magdeburg in Germany . He authored Steffen Wendzel et al.: The feasibility test of state-of-the-art face detection algorithms for vehicle occupant detection. (2010 ) , SteffenWendzel & Jana Dittmann : Plausibility Considerations on Steganalysis as a Security Mechanism - Discussions on the Decemelding Images using Generative Adversarial Networks. ( 2012 ) , and Steppe Wendzel & al.: A Revised Taxonomy of Steganography Embedding Patterns. ( 2021 ) . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by Christian Kraetzer . ( 2014 ) . It was preceded by the `` Components on the Eternals of Latent Fingerprint Images . ( 2016 ) .
Gabriela Molinar 0001 is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology ( KIT ) in Germany and her primary work is Gabriel Molinar et al.: Ein LAMA geht online : Wie Machine-Learning-Kompetenzen durch praxisnahe Problemstellungen gefördert werden können . ( 2021 ) . The latter was authored by Gabriella Molinar 03 which is also the author of Gabriello Molinar 0901 which is the co-authored by Gabiela Alejandra Molinar Torres . (2020 ) . Gabrile Molinar was the authored by Gated Recurrent Unit Networks . (2019 ) . It was also the primary employer of Gaborli Mowen .
Johannes Schauer Marin Rodrigues is the primary affiliation of Julius-Maximilians-Universität Würzburg , Germany and is the author of the books : The authors of the following : The following : Johannes Schau and Andreas Nüchter : Digitizing automotive production lines without interrupting assembly operations through an automatic voxel-based removal of moving objects in 3D Point Clouds . ( 2016 ) , and the book `` The KITTI dataset . '' . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by Johann Schauer . He was also authored by Pietro Abate and Andreas Schauer : Collision detection between point clouds using an efficient k-d tree implementation . (2013 ) . ( 2015 ) , the latter was preceded by the book 'Joharmar Rodrigues . ( 2014 ) .
Manuel Huber 0001 is affiliated with the Fraunhofer Institute for Applied and Integrated Security ( AISEC , Garching , Germany ) and is authored by both the authors : Mathias Morbitzer et al.: SEVered : Transparent Main Memory Encryption Using a Minimal ARM Hypervisor . ( 2015 ) and Benjamin Taubmann et al : A Lightweight Framework for Cold Boot Based Forensics on Mobile Devices . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the authors , both of which are in the same order . It was also in the following order : The cost of OSCORE and EDHOC for Constrained Devices. ( 2016 .
Zhenhua Wang 0006 , authored in 1990 , is the primary affiliation of ETH Zurich , Switzerland and is the source of Zhenhone Wang : Current mode analog integrated circuits and linearization techniques in CMOS technology .
The primary affiliation of Hendrik Wöhrle is the University of Bremen in Germany . He was authored by both Mario Michael Krell et al.: A Dataflow-based Mobile Brain Reading System on Chip with Supervised Online Calibration - For Usage without Acquisition of Training Data . ( 2013 ) and by Marc Tabie et al : An Adaptive Spatial Filter for User-Independent Single Trial Detection of Event-Related Potentials . ( 2014 ) . He is the author of both the books that were written in the same year . He also authored by the latter . He has been the co-author of the latter and the book that was published in the year 2014 . He authored by him . The latter was preceded by the book which was written in 2015 .
Michael Weber , who authored Michael Weber : An application development method for Xputers . ( 1990 ) , is the primary affiliation of Kaiserslautern University of Technology , Germany .
Artem Polyvyanyy is the primary affiliation of the University of Melbourne , School of Computing and Information Systems , Australia . He was authored by Sander J. J. Leemans and Artem M. Poetty : Stochastic-Aware Conformance Checking : An Entropy-Based Approach . ( 2016 ) . He has also authored by Ahmed Awad et al.: Semantic Querying of Business Process Models . ( 2008 ) and also by Felix Elliger . He is the author of the book `` On Separation of Concurrency and Conflicts in Acyclic Process Models. (2020 ) .
TU Dresden , Germany is the primary affiliation of Jerónimo Castrillón who authored the books : Diandian Zhang et al.: A Domain-Specific Language and Editor for Parallel Particle Methods . ( 2013 ) , Andres Goens et al : On the Representation of Mappings to Multicores. ( 2018 ) , and Andrés Goens and Jeronimo Castillón : The Case of Computational Fluid Dynamics . ( 2022 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the book .
Parisa Memarmoshrefi is the primary affiliation of the University of Gottingen , Institute for Computer Science , Germany and was authored by William Casey et al.: Deception , identity , and security : the game theory of sybil attacks . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of ParisaMemarmowi : An AI-Based Transmission Power-Control Certificate Omission in Mobile Ad-hoc Networks . ( 2015 ) and ParisaMarmowli : A Bio-Inspired Autonomous Authentication Mechanism inMobile Ad-Hoc Networks. ( 2013 ) . The latter was preceded by Parisa M.E . (2013 ) and William Casey & al.: Identity Deception and Game Deterrence via Signaling Games. ( 2016 . (2015 ) .
Martin Becker 0001 is the primary affiliation of TU Munich , Institute for Real-Time Computer Systems , Germany and was authored by Alejandro Masrur et al.: TIC : a scalable model checking based approach to WCET estimation . ( 2016 ) and Samarjit Chakraborty : Multi-layered scheduling of mixed-criticality cyber-physical systems . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authorship of the Martin Becker 01 which was also authored by Martin Becker et al : Cross-Layer Interactions in CPS for Performance and Certification . (2019 ) . It is the authored by the author of the latter . Martin Becker . It was also written in the same publication . ( 2014 ) and the latter was the authors of the publication of the information . (2013 ) .
The primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Germany is the School of Medicine of Sukanya Bhowmik which is authored by Vitor Pinheiro de Almeida et al.: DSCEP : An Infrastructure for Distributed Semantic Complex Event Processing . (2020 ) and Christian Mayer et al : HYPE : Massive Hypergraph Partitioning with Neighborhood Expansion . (2018 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the author , Jonathan Falk & al.: Dynamic QoS-Aware Traffic Planning for Time-Triggered Flows with Conflict Graphs . ( 2021 ) .
Nils Pancratz is the primary affiliation of the University of Oldenburg in Germany and was authored by Ira Diethelm and Ira Molnar . They are the authors of the books that were published in the following order : Nils pancratz : Vorstellungen von Lernenden zum Aufbau von Informatiksystemen : eine multimethodische Untersuchung Von Lernvoraussetzungen tot genschuchung von KI entdecken! ( 2021 ) , EIN-Wittings en Teilen Hebras et al.: Gemeinsam KI Entdecken ! (2021 ) ( 2016 ) , NilsPrais denken Hebruner 's Perceptions of Computer Science Concepts . ( 2016 -2021 . ( 2015 ) . ( 202021 - 2021 . It was preceded by the book `` Nilsprais '' ( 2015-2021-2022 .
Thomas Winkler 0006 is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Magdeburg in Germany . It is the author of the Eine Methode zur Bestimmung optimaler Instandhaltungsstrategien für redundante Systeme . ( 1983 ) .
Karl Hantzschmann is the primary affiliation of the University of Rostock in Germany and was authored by Jürgen Freytag et al.: Bachelor- und Master-Studiengaenge in der Informatik : Was ist und was soll die Akkreditierung von Informatikkstudiengängen . ( 2000 ) . He is also the author of the books : Karl Hartmann : Nachruf auf N. Joachim Lehmann 1921-1998 . ( 1998 ) and Jürg Freytag : Fehleruntersuchungen zur Lösung des inhomogenen natürlichen Randwertproblems durch einen Ritzschen Ansatz mit standardisierten Koordinatenfunktionen. ( 1970 ) and Karl Hartmutschmann ( 1998 . He was the authored Bypassen Tohrungen Gruppen Koln . ( 2003 ) .
Frank Hoffmann 0001 is the primary affiliation of TU Dortmund , Institute of Control Theory and Systems Engineering in Germany . He was authored by Jan Braun et al.: Co-evolutionary particle swarm optimization for min-max problems using Gaussian distribution . ( 2004 ) and also by Thomas Nierobisch & al.: Optimal Large View Visual Servoing with Sets of SIFT Features . ( 2011 ) . He is also the author of Frank Hartmann 03 which was the authored by Christoph Rösmann et al .
Michael Friedrich 0001 is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany . He authored Michael Friedrich : Sprachmittel und Werkzeuge zur Unterstützung paralleler und verteilter Programmierung . ( 1992 ) and Andreas Weininger et al.: ParSim : A Tool for the Analysis of Parallel and Distributed Programs . ( 1990 ) .
The University of Magdeurg in Germany is the primary affiliation of the Markus Wolf 0001 which is authored by Mark Wolf and Ulrich Kleine . They are the authors of the Mark Wolf et al.: A Novel Design Assistant for Analog Circuits . ( 1998 ) and the Lihong Zhang et Al.: A new design rule for automated layout tools . ( 2000 ) .
The Hochschule für Ökonomie in Berlin , Germany is affiliated with the Hans-Joachim Schmidt 0001 which authored the book `` Hans-joachim Scharf der Untersuchung der Zielgesamtheit in der Jahresproduktionsplanung von Industriekombinate . ( 1985 ) .
Ben Bergen 0002 is authored by Benjamin Karl Bergen and Frank Hülsemann : Hierarchical hybrid grids : data structures and core algorithms for multigrid . ( 2004 ) and was authored by Ben K. Bergen et al.: Is 1.7 x 10^10 Unknowns the Largest Finite Element System that Can Be Solved Today? ( 2005 ) . It is also authored by Fabien Loiseau et al . It was also written by Benjamin K.Bergen : The Hashed Oct-Tree N-Body Algorithm at a Petaflop . ( 2016 ) . The latter was preceded by the book by Benjamin M.Eng . in the same year . It comes under the authorship of Benjamin Bergen , who in turn was the author of the book `` Benjamin Koln . '' .
Eljas Soisalon-Soininen and Chris Lonvick : The Secure Shell ( SSH ) Transport Layer Protocol . ( 2006 ) and the `` TATU Ylönen : SSH Key Management Challenges and Requirements . (2019 ) '' are the authors of the two-phase Locking .
The primary affiliation of Pawel Swierczynski is Ruhr University Bochum , Germany and he is the author of the following books : `` Maik Ender et al.: Insights into the mind of a trojan designer : the challenge to integrate a trojans through Detecting and Weakening of Cryptographic Primitives . ( 2015 ) , 'Pawel Swiersczynski & al.: Bitstream Fault Injections (BiFI ) - Automated Fault Attacks against SRAM-based FPGAs. ( 2016 ) , both authored by Marc Fyrbiak et al . ( 2013 ) and 'WarmelSwierco : The Missing Piece of the Puzzle for Hardware Reverse Engineering , Trojan Detection and Insertion . (2019 ) . ' . The latter was authored by the author ' in the latter was also in the same year .
The Technical University in Munich , Germany is the primary affiliation of Cornelius Diekmann and Lars Hupel : Theorem-prover-based synthesis of secure network configurations . ( 2015 ) and ( 2016 ) . They are the authors of both the books , CorneliusDiekmann et al.: Verifying Security Policies Using Host Attributes . ( 2014 ) and the works of both T.H.L .I.Semantics . ( 2016 . and the book , respectively . The latter was authored by both the authors , and the latter was also written by the latter . The authors , respectively , in the form of the book `` Cornelius diekmann , which was written in the same language . (2015 ) , and also to be found in the following : Iptables_Semantics. (2016 . (2016 ) .
Michael Weber 0005 , authored by Matthias Kleiner et al.: Tube expansion by gas detonation . ( 2006 ) , is the primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen , Shock Wave Laboratory , which is affiliated with the Michael Weber Association for Research on Parallel algorithms for verification on large systems .
Avikarsha Mandal is the primary affiliation of Hochschule Offenburg , Germany and is authored by Avikarha Mandal and Frederik Armknecht et al.: Privacy-Preserving Distributed Economic Dispatch Protocol for Smart Grid Systems . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Avikasha Mandal : On security and privacy of consensus-based protocols in blockchain and smart grid. (2020 ) . '' which was authored by the authors of both `` Lasse Nitz et al : Towards Privacy Preserving Consensus-Based Economic Dispatch in SmartGrid Systems. ( 2016 '' and `` '' . ( 2015 ) . The latter was also the book that was published in the same year . '' . The book was preceded by '' by `` '' , which was also written by `` Frederikandery : Overview and Outlook . (2015 '' .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of the Institute which is affiliated with the following cities : Jörg Fischer 0001 , Johann Heinrich Hoppe and Swati Chandna 0001 . The Institute 's primary affiliation is the Nadeschda Nikitina and its affiliation is Sheng Li : Verteilte Steuerung von kooperativen autonomen mobilen Robotern für Transportaufgaben . ( 1996 ) .
Julius Mueller is the primary affiliation of Technical University Berlin , Department of Telecommunication Systems and authored Julius Mueller et al.: Peer Assist Live Streaming Overlay for Next-Generation-Networks and beyond . ( 2013 ) , Julius Mueller & Thomas Magedanz : The Fraunhofer Open5GCore . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by Julius Mueller and the latter was the author of Julius Mueller 's work in the following : Julius Mueller : The ETSI IMS Plugtests Events . ( 2011 ) , the latter of which was also written in the same year . Julius Mueller was the co-authored by JuliusMagedanz and Julius Mueller , which in turn was the authored by the latter is the authored by Marius Corici et al., LLC Network and Control Platforms ( 2013 .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of the academic Adrian Heinrich Hoppe . He was authored by the following : He was the author of the following works : The authors of the books : The Deccan Herald , Heppe et al.: ShiSha : Enabling Shared Perspective With Face-to-Face Collaboration Using Redirected Avatars in Virtual Reality. ( 2021 ) , He was also the authored by : Helder Hoppe et Al.: Interaction with Three Dimensional Objects : Using Modified World Views to Overcome Real-Life Limitations in Virtual reality. ( 2016 ) , The Electronic Environments in the year '2021 , the printed in the Year '1821 , and the authorship of the Eternity : Increasing the Usability and Productivity of Virtual Environments. (2021 ) . (2018 ) , and also the authors : The latter was written by the latter was also in the same year . Heppe , who was also authored by both the author : The book '1818 . Helder ' was the co-authored by the book '1918 and the author 'Adrian Heinrich Heppe ' , which was also written by '1921 . Hepper Hoppe and Heppe which was written in the form of the latter ' , was the book `` Adhere : An affiliate of the eternity with the Low Vision in the Virtual reality . (2020 ) . The latter is also the work of the author , Admirall Hoppe , whose primary affiliation is the Karlshe Institute Of Technology . The authors are : The following : The author of this book was also Adrian Heppe : Heppe and his co-author was : Heier Hoppe 's : The Orthopedic Ortho-Influenced by : `` Admiral Hoppe : Eterna : Interaction of Distant and Local Users in a Collaborative Virtual Eternality. (2018 '18 ) , which is also known as 'Admiral Heinrich ' , who has also authored the works : Admiralle : Calibration of Diversion of Diverse Tracking Systems to Enable Local Collaborative Mixed Reality . ( 2018 ) and '18-1919 . The author 's work was also edited by : The Co-author ' : The 'Helder ' and 'Eterna ' : 'Ilder Heinrich was also involved in ': Interaction With ' with ' the 'Influ
Martin Becker 0001 is the primary affiliation of TU Munich , Institute for Real-Time Computer Systems , Germany and was authored by Alejandro Masrur et al.: TIC : a scalable model checking based approach to WCET estimation . ( 2016 ) and Samarjit Chakraborty : Multi-layered scheduling of mixed-criticality cyber-physical systems . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authorship of the Martin Becker 01 which was also authored by Martin Becker et al : Cross-Layer Interactions in CPS for Performance and Certification . (2019 ) . It is the authored by the author of the latter . Martin Becker . It was also written in the same publication . ( 2014 ) and the latter was the authors of the publication of the information . (2013 ) .
Zhenhua Wang 0006 , authored in 1990 , is the primary affiliation of ETH Zurich , Switzerland and is the source of Zhenhone Wang : Current mode analog integrated circuits and linearization techniques in CMOS technology .
The primary affiliation of Athanasios K. Tsakalidis is the Department of Computer Engineering and Informatics , Faculty of Engineering , University of Patras , Greece . He was authored by both Dimitrios N. Vrahatis et al.: Identifying miRNA-mediated signaling subpathways by integrating paired miRNA/mRNA expression data with pathway topology . ( 2015 ) and Christos Makris and the Poet 's : A Web Platform for Non-Coding RNA Feature Calculation and MicroRNAs and Targets Prediction . (2015 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . He has been the author of the latter work . The previous work was published in the same year . It was also written in the following order : The Diploma of Information Retrieval Engines : A Multi-agent Approach . ( 2000 ) . This was preceded by the Deccanisation of the dynamic predecessor problem . ( 2006 .
Uwe Nagel 0002 is affiliated with the University of Konstanz , Department of Computer and Information Science and was authored by both Ulrik Brandes et al.: Understanding the Composition of an Ensemble of Personal Networks . (2010 ) and Immanuel Bayer et al : Bisociative Discovery of Interesting Relations between Domains . ( 2013 ) . The latter book was preceded by the previous book , which was written by Michael R Berthold et al ; Pure spreading activation is pointless . ( 2009 ) .
The primary affiliation of Hendrik Wöhrle is the University of Bremen in Germany . He was authored by both Mario Michael Krell et al.: A Dataflow-based Mobile Brain Reading System on Chip with Supervised Online Calibration - For Usage without Acquisition of Training Data . ( 2013 ) and by Marc Tabie et al : An Adaptive Spatial Filter for User-Independent Single Trial Detection of Event-Related Potentials . ( 2014 ) . He is the author of both the books that were written in the same year . He also authored by the latter . He has been the co-author of the latter and the book that was published in the year 2014 . He authored by him . The latter was preceded by the book which was written in 2015 .
The University of Calgary in Canada is the primary affiliation of Christian Jacob 0001 who authored the books : Peter Wilke and Christian Jacob : Simulating Neural Networks in a Distributed Computing Environment Using NeuroGraph . ( 2011 ) , Peter M. Hoar et al.: Programming and evolving physical self-assembling systems in three dimensions . ( 2012 ) , and the book `` The NeuroGraph Neural Network Simulator . ( 2003 ) .
Dhiraj Gulati is the primary affiliation of the fortiss GmbH in Munich , Germany and is the author of the following books : The following are the works : The D.Gulati et al.: Graph based cooperative localization using symmetric measurement equations and dedicated short range communication . (2017 ) , the Gruppo Gruppo L.P.E. ( 2016 ) , and the `` Feihu Zhang et al . Ltd . '' ( 2018 ) . The latter was preceded by the `` d.L.O.E . '' , the `` D.D.Eng.Eng . '' . ( 2016 . , and its associated with the `` Gruppo 's '' , which was authored by the Gruppe L.O . ( 2017 ) .
Andreas Seitz is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany and is the author of the books : Till Hellmund et al.: IPRA : Real-Time Face Recognition on Smart Glasses with Fog Computing. ( 2018 ) , Springer & Co . ( 2017 ) , CODENWOBI : Decemeeting for Increasing Student Participation through Shorter Exercise Cycles. ( 2016 ) and Andreas Seis : ArTEMiS : An Automatic Assessment Management System for Information Systems Spanning Cloud and Edge . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also the authored by the latter . He was also the co-authored by the Co-authored by the authors : Wöbker et al : Fogernetes : Deployment and Management of Information Systems in the Automotive Industry . (2018 ) .
Max E. Kramer is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology , SDQ in Germany . He is the author of the following books : Max E Kramer et al.: A Controlled Experiment Template for Evaluating the Understandability of Model Transformation Languages. ( 2016 ) was authored by Jörg Kienzle : Mapping Aspect-Oriented Models to Aspect Oriented Code. (2010 ) and the Decemelded Modifications for Different Levels of Abstraction . ( 2011 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was also authored by Max EJ. Kramer and the latter was preceded by Materyna Yurchenko & Kirill Rakhman : Automated Inversion of Attribute Mappings in Bidirectional Model Transformations . ( 2016 . (2015 ) . He was also the authored by the latter . He has also authored the book The Decelded Code ( 2015 .
The primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany is Bernd Hofmann 0003 which authored the book Berndholmann : Beitrag zur digitalen pneumatischen Informationsverarbeitung mittels ternärer Logik . ( 1976 ) .
The primary affiliation of Hinrich E. G. Bonin is Leuphana University of Lüneburg and they are the authors of Fevzi Belli et al.: Some aspects on the development and validation of FIREX : a knowledge-based system for the transport of dangerous goods and fire department consulting . ( 1989 ) and the book `` Fevrich E G.Bonin : An Approach to Control Different Versions of Knowledge in Object-Oriented Systems and its Applications in FIREX . ( 1990 ) . ( 1994 ) . The book was authored by the latter was also authored by him . It was also written by the former . The latter was preceded by the book 's editors . ' which was written in the following : The book 'was the Co-operation & Kollaboration mit Hilfe von Editoren - als Komplexer DV-Vorhaben der Verwaltungsautomation . ( 1993 ) and was authored in the same year by the same author . It is also the book by the author . The following was the book that was written by him , which was itself authored by The author , HinrichE.G . Bonin . He is the co-authored by the following . He was also the author of the book which was also edited by the previous year . It comes under the auspices of which is the Lernendes System . (1992 ) . He has also authored the book The book `` The book '' which is also known as `` The Culprit? Panel Position Paper . '' and was the sequel to `` The following '' which was the work of the author , which is Fevi Belli and the latter is also authored . The author is Hinrich . G.bonin . It has been authored by both Hinrich and Fevich E.G.W.N.C . He also has been the author for `` The Gruppo Einführung informationstechnischer Einrichtungen-Als : Aussprache zu den Referaten von August-Wilhelm Scheer und Jürgen Faehling . ( 2002 ) .
The University of Bonn in Germany is affiliated to Martin Koch 0005 which authored Martin Koch : Microarrayanalyse gynäkologischer Tumorentitäten . ( 2013 ) .
The University of Lübeck , Institute of Telematics , Germany is the primary affiliation of Waqas Rehan , who authored Maaz Rehan et al.: A Critical Review of Surveys Emphasizing on Routing in Wireless Sensor Networks - An Anatomization under General Survey Design Framework . (2017 ) . He was also the author of Maazrehan et Al.: CODEN : A novel fast rerouting protocol with multi-link-failure recovery for mission-critical WSN . ( 2018 ) . It was authored by him . He is also the co-authored by MaazRiaz et al : ZGLS : a novel flat quorum-based and reliable location management protocol for VANETs . ( 2016 ) and MaazRehan & al.: Fallible data partitioning schemes for parallel merge joins in semantic web queries . ( 2021 ) .
The primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Edmund Nickel 0002 which was authored by Edmund Nickel : Computersimulation von 18-Krone-6 . ( 1990 ) .
Ralf-Christian Härting is the primary affiliation of the Aalen University of Applied Sciences , in Germany and is the author of the books : Michael Möhring et al.: Impacts of the Implementation of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR ) in the European Agriculture Sector . ( 2014 ) , Ralf–Christian Haryting et al : The Potential Value of Digitization for Business . (2017 ) , and RAL-Christian Hartting et Al.: Can Coffee Consumption Influence Business Process Modeling Behavior . ( 2021 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also associated with Christopher Reichstein et al al.: The Information Systems - An Empirical Study with a Quantitative Design . (2020 ) .
The University of Hamburg , Germany is the primary affiliation of Stefan Bietz who authored the books : Therese Inhester et al.: Index-Based Searching of Interaction Patterns in Large Collections of Protein-Ligand Interfaces . ( 2016 ) , The authors : Kai Sommer & Matthias Rarey : Discriminative Chemical Patterns : Automatic and Interactive Design . ( 2015 ) and the authors : Ligand-based virtual screening . ( 2017 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the book `` Bella Motta mRAISE '' . It is the work of the latter 's co-authored by the authors . It was also authored by The Information Systems : A Powerful and Easy-to-Use Compound Library Converter . (2016 ) .
Michael Mauderer 0002 is the primary affiliation of Technical University Munich , Germany and authored the book Michael Mouderer : Ein Beitrag zur Planung und Entwicklung von rekonfigurierbaren mechatronischen Systemen: am Beispiel von starren Fertigungssystemen . ( 2018 ) .
The Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster , WWU , Germany is the primary affiliation of Muhammad Jawad 0002 which was authored in the following order : The following books were published in the year 2021 : The book was preceded by the book `` Muhammad Jawade et al.: Interactive Visual Analysis of Mass Spectrometry Imaging Data Using Linear and non-Linear Embeddings . (2019 ) . ( 2016 ) and the book '1921 . It was also authored by the following authors : The latter was also written in the same order : `` The Reference Study for the Study of Human Brain Tumors . ( 2021 ) , '' Muhammad J.D . (2021 ) and '1922 . (2020 ) , '1929 . ' and '2021 ' ( 2016 .
The primary affiliation of the university is the Philipps University of Marburg in Germany . The authors of the books are Christian Boß and Volker Roth : Trends und Perspektiven - Systementwickler . ( 1990 ) , which is authored by both the latter two . The book was also authored by the following : The authors are : The latter two are : the authors of both the books : The book `` Vater Roth : Datenverarbeitungsberufe im Wandel : industrie- und berufssoziologische Untersuchung zu Entwicklungstrends und -Perspektiv - Systemprogrammierer . (1990 ) and the book was written in the book is also written in der DatenVerwandel : The Grunde : The Torpedo Heitenversituation in den Dv-Berufen. ( 1990 , and the work '' , which was authored in the same year . ( 1993 ) , and also in the following order : DeWitten ( 1990 .
Rudolf Mester is the primary affiliation of Goethe University in Frankfurt am Main , Germany . He was authored by Håkon Hukkelås et al.: Realistic Full-Body Anonymization with Surface-Guided GANs . ( 2011 ) and he is the author of the following works : Jan Fabian Schmid et al : Model-Based Parameter Optimization for Ground Texture Based Localization Methods. ( 2021 ) and Henry Bradler et Al.: Urban Traffic Surveillance ( UTS : A fully probabilistic 3D tracking approach based on 2D detections. (2021 ) , which was preceded by the work by the Karl Mester : Wiener crosses borders : interpolation based on second order models . (2011 ) . (2010 ) and the work of Alvaro Guevara and RudolfMester , who authored by the author , who was in the same year . (1921 ) .
TU Darmstadt , Department of Computer Integrated Design , Germany is the primary affiliation of the company Marco Grimm 0002 which authored the book Marco Grimm : Konzept zum durchgängigen Schutz von Daten in der verteilten additiven Fertigung . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Marco Grimm and Reiner Anderl : Intellectual Property Protection and Secure Knowledge Management in Collaborative Systems Engineering . ( 2013 ) .
The primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Martin Simons 0002 , which was authored by Mark Simons . Abtasttest von Mikroprozessoren und MikroProzessorsystemen. ( 1983 ) .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Swati Chandna 0001 which was authored by the following authors : The authors of the following books are : The following : The Library of Congress has been edited in the following order : The journal ISSN has been Authored by the authors : `` Harnass et al.: Quanticod revisited . Neue Ansätze zur quantitativen Analyse mittelalterlicher Handschriftenbestände . ( 2015 , `` Gegenstand "archäologischer" Forschung jenseits : '' The Poetings : '' , `` MittelAlto eCodicology - Livestructured : Chancen für die Zeitschrife et al*: Compilten im Projekt eCod . '' ( 2016 ) , '' '' and `` SwatiChrife tributalliche HandschRiften '' ( 2015 - 2016 . ( 2016 .
Manuel Wimmer 's primary affiliation is Johannes Kepler University Linz , Austria . He is authored by both Gerti Kappel et al.: Model Transformation By-Example : A Survey of the First Wave . ( 2012 ) and Alexander Bergmayr et al : From Architecture Modeling to Application Provisioning for the Cloud by Combining UML and TOSCA . ( 2016 ) . He has also authored by H.K.Lanzenberger et al . The latter two and the latter two . He was authored by J.T.E . ( 2014 . He also wrote in the same book . He authored by K.L. ( 2016 .
The Technical University of Berlin , Germany is the primary affiliation of Rodrigo Pastl Pontes , who authored the books : Emília Villani et al.: Integrating model checking and model based testing for industrial software development . ( 2014 ) , and `` Paulo C. Véras et al*: Benchmarking Software Requirements Documentation for Space Application . ( 2010 ) .
Jan Finis is the primary affiliation of Technische Universität München , Germany . He authored Jan P Finis et al.: Order Indexes : supporting highly dynamic hierarchical data in relational main-memory database systems . ( 2016 ) and Jan P. Finis : Eine effiziente Indexstruktur für dynamische hierarchische Daten . ( 2013 ) . ( 2015 ) . He was authored by Robert Brunel and Jan F.Eng . in the same year . He is the author of Jan M.F.E . He has also authored Jan E.I .I .E . In the Hybrid OLTP & OLAP Main-Memory Database System HyPer . ( 2014 ) .
Thomas König : Computerunterstützte Peakidentifizierung in der HPLC mit Diodenarray-Detektoren is authored by Giovanno Marcelo Cárdenas and is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . The University is affiliated with Yana Momchilova Mileva and Sergio Roa .
Andreas J. W. Goldschmidt is the author of Gerrit Hornung et al.: Die künftige Telematik-Rahmenarchitektur im Gesundheitswesen - Recht , Technologie , Infrastruktur und Ökonomie . ( 2005 ) and his primary affiliation is the University of Trier , Germany . He is the primary affiliation of the university which is affiliated with the Sergej Chludov school . He was authored by Gabor . He also has the academic school of physics . He has also been the Dean of Technology .
Maximilian Fickert is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following books : The authors of MaximilimilianFickert : A Novel Lookahead Strategy for Delete Relaxation Heuristics in Greedy Best-First Search ( 2022 ) , the authored by both Jörg Hoffmann : Ranking Conjunctions for Partial Delete Relaxations in Planning . (2017 ) and Maximoian Ficksert : The latter was authored by the latter was written in the same year . He also authored in the following order : Maximilia Fickett : The complete Local Search Using Estimates of Uncertainty . ( 2021 ) and the authored in Enforcement and heuristic search . (2022 ) . (2018 ) . The latter book was preceded by the written by the co-authored by the Karl Eifler et al.: Bounded-cost Search using Estimates ofuncertainty. (2021 .
Matthias Wübbeling is the primary affiliation of the University of Bonn in Germany and he authored the books : Timo Malderle et al.: Credential Intelligence Agency : A Threat Intelligence Approach to Mitigate Identity Theft . ( 2016 ) , Daniel Gruss et al : Generalizing the use-After-free Problem and Applying it to Email Services . ( 2018 ) and Timo Molning and Michael Meier : The Management of the Identifier Leaks using Threat Intelligence . (2018 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was also authored by the latter .
The primary affiliation of Tilmann Rabl is the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam , Germany . They are the authors of the books Todor Ivanov et al.: Big Data , High Performance Computing , and Machine Learning Benchmarks. ( 2021 ) and the books Clemens Lutz & al.: Pump Up the Volume : Processing Large Data on GPUs with Fast Interconnects . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the latter and the latter by the former . They were also written in the same year . The book was also published in the following order : Paul Cao et al . TPCx-BB : Standardization of a Big Data Benchmark. ( 2016 . It was also authored in the year 2016 . Both were authored by The Fall 2016 and the following year .
Andreas Spitz is the primary affiliation of EPFL in Switzerland . He was the author of the following works : DeWitt et al.: Im-META : Influence Maximization Using Node Metadata in Networks With Unknown Topology ( 2021 ) , Erich Schubert & al.: Semantic Word Clouds with Background Corpus Normalization and t-distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding . (2017 ) . HeidelPlace : An Extensible Framework for Geoparsing. ( 2017 ) , ECLI : An Evaluation of Combination Modes for Word Embeddings . ( 2016 ) , Heidelplace : An ECLC . ( 2017 . ( 2015 ) , and ELLIATED Texts. ( 2016 .
Johannes Sebastian Mueller-Roemer is the primary affiliation of TU Darmstadt , Germany . He authored Daniel Weber et al.: A p-multigrid Algorithm using Cubic Finite Elements for Sparse Matrices with Compound Entries on GPUs . ( 2021 ) and Daniel M.M.R . ( 2014 ) . He was also the author of Daniel Ströter et al : Collateral Tetrahedral Mesh Editor with Immediate Simulations Into Web-based Compromated Computational Fluid Dynamics . (2020 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also the authored by the co-authored by the Deformation simulation using cubic finite elements and efficient Deformation Simulation . ( 2015 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Bundeswehr University in Munich , Neubiberg , Germany is the German academic , Rainer von Lutz , who authored the book `` Untersuchungen zum Kraftwerkseinsatz im Minuten- bis Stundenbereich mittels dynamischer Optimierung . '' ( 1983 ) .
Helmut Hoyer is the primary affiliation of the University of Hagen in Germany and is the author of the following books : Michael Gerke et al.: From Simulation to Virtual Reality : A Robotic Application . ( 1994 ) , Ein Beitrag zur Entwicklung von digitalen Differentialanalysatoren für den Einsatz in Hybridrechnern. ( 1980 ) . He was authored by Helmut Hartoyer and his co-authored by Thomas Berkel et al . He is also the co-author of `` Martin Witte et al ! Virtuelles Labor-Nutzung in Echtzeit für Robotersysteme. (1997 ) . ( 1998 ) and `` Migrationsstrategie e-Learning . ( 1997 ) .
Guido Schmitz is the primary affiliation of Royal Holloway , University of London , UK and is the author of Daniel Fett et al.: A Comprehensive Formal Security Analysis of OAuth 2.0. ( 2016 ) , which was authored in the following order : : The authors of Guido SPRESSO : A Secure , Privacy-Respecting Single Sign-On System for the Web. ( 2015 ) , and the authors of the following : The An In-Depth Symbolic Verification Framework for Executable Cryptographic Protocol Code. ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , Guido Shmitz 's ( 2015 . The latter is also known as GuidoSchmitz . (3021 ) and Daniel Flemish , LLC DY*: A Modular Symbolic Security analysis of the ACME Standard . 2021 , both were written in the same year .
The primary affiliation of Feng Cheng 0002 is the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam and it was authored by both Marian Gawron et al.: Automatic vulnerability detection for weakness visualization and advisory creation . ( 2015 ) and by Martin Ussath et al : A Theoretical Model of Lock-Keeper Data Exchange and its Practical Verification . ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored by M.G.W.and M.Eng . in the following order : M.L.I . Both were authored by Janie Peng et al . (2017 ) and M.O . (2018 . M.E . (2015 ) . and the latter was preceded by the authors : Analyzing Remote Desktop Protocol Traffic. ( 2016 .
Fidaa Abed is the primary affiliation of the Technische Universität München in Germany and was authored by Fidaas Abed et al.: A Linear Delay Linear Space Algorithm for Enumeration of All Connected Induced Subgraphs . ( 2018 ) and Fida A Abed and Chien-Chung Huang : Preemptive Coordination Mechanisms for Unrelated Machines . ( 2014 ) . The latter two were both written in the same way . The former was preceded by the latter in the form of the latter . They were both authored in the following order . Fidaata Abed , which was also authored in this order . In the same year they were the authors of the same book . FIDAA Abed & al.: Near-Optimal Asymmetric Binary Matrix Partitions . ( 2012 and 2015 respectively .
The primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany is Yana Momchilova Mileva which is authored by YanaMomchilva et al.: Illumination-Robust Variational Optical Flow with Photometric Invariants . ( 2007 ) and Andreas Zeller : Assessing Modity via usage changes . ( 2011 ) . The latter is the authored work of Yana M.M.L.A .
The University of Heidelberg in Germany is the primary affiliation of Markus Wolf 0002 which authored the book Lutz Bornmann et al.: Closed versus open reviewing of journal manuscripts : how far do comments differ in language use? ( 2012 ) . It is also the author of the book , Markus Wolf : E-Mail in der Psychotherapie : Entwicklung und Evaluation eines E- Mail-basierten Nachsorgeprogramms für die stationäre Psychotherapanie . ( 2014 ) .
Dietmar Müller 0003 ( authored by Dietmar M.M. ) is the primary affiliation of the Free University of Berlin , Dahlem , Germany . The university 's primary affiliation is the Federal Ministry of Health which is the location of the Institute for the Study of Information ( 2002 ) .
Frank Richter : Nutzung von Verhaltensmodellen für die Effektivitätsanalyse von Prozessrechnereinsätzen . ( 1980 ) is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany , which is affiliated with both Christian Hütter 0003 and Rolf Zimmermann 0001 . The University is also affiliated with the Andres Goens School of Medicine .
Alexander Marx is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He authored Alexander Marx et al.: EDISON-WMW : Exact Dynamic Programing Solution of the Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney Test . ( 2016 ) and Alexander Marx & Jilles Vreeken : Identifiability of Cause and Effect using Regularized Regression . (2019 ) . The latter was authored by Alexander Marx . Alexander Marx was the author of Alexander Marx 's book Alexander Marx and the Weaker Faithfulness Assumption based on Triple Interactions . (2021 ) . ( 2021 ) , the latter was the authored by the latter 's co-authored Alexander Marx in the same year . AlexanderMarx was the prequel to Alexander Marx : Information-Theoretic Causal Discovery based on triple interactions in 2021 .
Alexander Bauer 0002 is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany and is authored by Alexander Bauer : Probabilistische Szenenmodelle für die Luftbildauswertung . ( 2014 ) .
Simon Harrer is the primary affiliation of the Universität Bamberg in Germany . He is the author of the following books : Jörg Lenhard et al.: Lessons Learned from Evaluating Workflow Management Systems. ( 2014 ) , Christian R. Preißinger & al.: Towards Standard Conformant BPEL Engines : The Case of Static Analysis. (2014 ) and Simon Hartrer : Process Engine Selection Support. ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was also authored by J.P.Engines with BPELlint . ( 2015 ) . He has also authored the book `` Jolnhard et Al.: BPMN 2.0 : The Foundations for Complex Middleware Products . ( 2016 . Heated and Isolated Test for Compulsory Workflow Engine Benchmarking . (2016 ) .
The Max Planck Institute for Informatics ( MPII ) is the primary affiliation of Franziska Mueller 0001 which was authored by Srinath Sridhar et al.: Real-time Joint Tracking of a Hand Manipulating an Object from RGB-D Input . ( 2016 ) and Jalees Nehvi et al : Differentiable Event Stream Simulator for Non-Rigid 3D Tracking. ( 2021 ) . ( 2018 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was also authored by Jiayi Wang , who is the author of the book that was also published in the same publication . The book was also written in the following order : `` Dushyant Mehta et al*: Single-Shot Multi-person 3D Pose Estimation from Monocular RGB. (2018 ) .
The TU Berlin Institute of Mathematics in Germany is the primary affiliation of Stefan Felsner . He is the author of the following books : The following : The Order Dimension of Planar Maps Revisited ( 2015 ) , the book `` The Order : On-Line Chain Partitions of Orders. '' ( 1996 ) , `` On the Interplay Between Interval Dimension and Dimension . '' ( 1999 ) , '' and `` The book 's `` Steppe : The Linear Extension Diameter of a Poset '' ( 2000 ) , ' ( 2016 ) . ' ( which was authored by Klaus Reuter and the book ' ( 1998 ) . '' , ' and 'Lattices of Two-Dimensional Posets ' ( 2011 ) . ( 2015 '' .
Helmut Dietrich 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Mainz in Germany which is affiliated with the university of commerce . He was the author of the 1994 academic book Helm Dietrich : Ergebnisse und Bewertungen computererfasster Funktionsstaten der Poliklinik für Zahnärztliche Prothetik . ( 1994 ) .
The primary affiliation of the HPI , University of Potsdam in Germany is the company of Stefan Neumann 0002 which was authored by Thomas Vogel et al.: Modular timing analysis of component-based real-time embedded systems. ( 2009 ) and Andreas Seibel et al : Dynamic hierarchical mega models : comprehensive traceability and its efficient maintenance . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter .
Dieter Lorenz 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Mittelhessen in Germany and was authored by Katrin Moeller et al.: LED Office Lighting to Promote Performance and Well-Being . ( 2011 ) and DieterLorenz : Ergonomic design of Call Centers . ( 2001 ) .
Peter Fischer 0007 is the primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen , Germany and authored Peter Fischer : Optimierende Steuerung paralleler Transportprozesse mit Methoden der Wissensverarbeitung . ( 1994 ) .
Artem Polyvyanyy is the primary affiliation of the University of Melbourne , School of Computing and Information Systems , Australia . He was authored by Sander J. J. Leemans and Artem M. Poetty : Stochastic-Aware Conformance Checking : An Entropy-Based Approach . ( 2016 ) . He has also authored by Ahmed Awad et al.: Semantic Querying of Business Process Models . ( 2008 ) and also by Felix Elliger . He is the author of the book `` On Separation of Concurrency and Conflicts in Acyclic Process Models. (2020 ) .
Alexander Schmid 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Luzern in Switzerland and authored the book : Der IT-Outsourcingvertrag im Schweizerischen Recht : Hauptleistungspflichten , Leistungsstörungen und Vertragsgestaltung . ( 2019 ) .
Arpan Gujarati is the primary affiliation of the University of British Columbia , Computer Science Department , Vancouver , BC , Canada . It is the author of Arpan Gujaratati et al.: Achal : building highly reliable networked control systems . (2019 ) , Arp Gujarati et Al.: Poincident : a high-throughput and predictable VM schedulability analysis for high-density workloads . ( 2018 ) and is the authored by Abraham Chan & al.: Affinities . ( 2015 ) .
Christian Hütter is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany , which is affiliated with both Rolf Zimmermann 0001 and Andres Goens . He authored the book `` e. Beitr.Zur Entwicklung e. Methodik des Informatikunterrichts . '' in 1987 .
Guido Schmitz is the primary affiliation of Royal Holloway , University of London , UK and is the author of Daniel Fett et al.: A Comprehensive Formal Security Analysis of OAuth 2.0. ( 2016 ) , which was authored in the following order : : The authors of Guido SPRESSO : A Secure , Privacy-Respecting Single Sign-On System for the Web. ( 2015 ) , and the authors of the following : The An In-Depth Symbolic Verification Framework for Executable Cryptographic Protocol Code. ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , Guido Shmitz 's ( 2015 . The latter is also known as GuidoSchmitz . (3021 ) and Daniel Flemish , LLC DY*: A Modular Symbolic Security analysis of the ACME Standard . 2021 , both were written in the same year .
Alexander Roth 0004 is affiliated with the RWTH Aachen in Germany and is authored by both Alexander Roth Kautz et al.: Achievements , Failures , and the Future of Model-Based Software Engineering . ( 2016 ) and Pedram Mir Seyed Nazari et al : An Extended Symbol Table Infrastructure to Manage the Composition of Output-Specific Generator Information . 2016 . The latter was authored by Andreas Ganser et al ; Staged model evolution and proactive quality guidance for model libraries . 2016 and the latter by Katrin Hölldobler & al.: Advances in Model-based Software Engineering. ( 2016 .
Sebastian Lapuschkin 's primary affiliation is the Fraunhofer Heinrich Hertz Institute in Berlin , Germany . He was authored by both Daniel Becking et al.: ECQ x : Explainability-Driven Quantization for Low-Bit and Sparse DNNs . (2020 ) and Maximilian Alber et al : iNNvestigate neural networks! ( 2018 ) . He also authored by Alexander Binder et al . He is the author of the books that were published in the same year . The latter was preceded by the book `` Wojciech Samek et Al.: Enforcement : Advised : A Novel Criterion for Deep Neural Networks and Beyond : A Review of Methods and Applications . ( 2021 ) .
Irfan Simsek and Erwin P. Rathgeb : Zero-Knowledge and Identity-Based Locator/Identifier Split. ( 2016 ) are the primary authors of Irfrisk and Vedat Topuz : Data Processing on Database Management Systems with Fuzzy Query . ( 2010 ) . The latter was authored by Irfan , who is affiliated with the University of Duisburg-Essen in Germany .
Michael Friedrich 0001 is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany . He authored Michael Friedrich : Sprachmittel und Werkzeuge zur Unterstützung paralleler und verteilter Programmierung . ( 1992 ) and Andreas Weininger et al.: ParSim : A Tool for the Analysis of Parallel and Distributed Programs . ( 1990 ) .
The University of Gottingen in Germany is affiliated with the university of Oliver Wannenwetsch and is the primary affiliation of the University of Göttingen . The university was authored by Stefan Kolb 0003 which is affiliated to the Institute of Entwicklung und Anwendung bei der Auswahl von Methoden zur Optimierung von Simulationsmodellen . ( 1992 ) .
The Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster , WWU , Germany is the primary affiliation of Muhammad Jawad 0002 which was authored in the following order : The following books were published in the year 2021 : The book was preceded by the book `` Muhammad Jawade et al.: Interactive Visual Analysis of Mass Spectrometry Imaging Data Using Linear and non-Linear Embeddings . (2019 ) . ( 2016 ) and the book '1921 . It was also authored by the following authors : The latter was also written in the same order : `` The Reference Study for the Study of Human Brain Tumors . ( 2021 ) , '' Muhammad J.D . (2021 ) and '1922 . (2020 ) , '1929 . ' and '2021 ' ( 2016 .
René Weller is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Faculty of Mathematics , Computer Science . He authored J. Cepok et al.: Kinaptic - Techniques and insights for creating competitive accessible 3D games for sighted and visually impaired users in the year 2016 . He was authored by Gabor Scharf and Rene Hartel . He is also the author of J.Cepok & al.: Identifier : A Reactive Multithreaded Pipeline Library for 3D Telepresence in VR . ( 2016 ) . He and Gabriel Zachmann : The latter was also the authored by Jörn Teuber et al . That publication was preceded by the work that was followed by the book J.D.L.I . That book was also written in the entity-component-system pattern for realtime interactive systems. ( 2016 .
Laura Kallmeyer is the primary affiliation of Heinrich Heine University in Düsseldorf , Germany . She is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : `` Bella Mauer et al.: Coarse Lexical Frame Acquisition at the Syntax-Semantics Interface Using a Latent-Variable PCFG Model . ( 2003 ) , 'Weeds Samih et al.Al.: A Neural Architecture for Dialectal Arabic Segmentation. (2017 ) and 'Wegmen & Grausswald : An Analysis of Directed Motion Expressions with Lexicalized Tree Adjoining Grammars and Frame Semantics. (2000 ) . ( 2016 ) . ' and 'UnsupervisedLexical Frame Induction ' ( 2016 . ( 2015 ) , the latter was authored by 'Shegmen and 'Towards - Ein Korpusannotierungsstandard Zur Unterstützung (2017 . (2018 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany is Bernd Hofmann 0003 which authored the book Berndholmann : Beitrag zur digitalen pneumatischen Informationsverarbeitung mittels ternärer Logik . ( 1976 ) .
The Hochschule Wismar , Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science in Germany is the primary affiliation of Markus M Berg . He is the author of the following books : Mark M. Berg : Nils Weber et al.: Ontologiespeicherung in Datenbanken im Kontext natürlichsprachlicher Dialogsysteme. ( 2012 ) , Mark M Berg : Modelling of Natural dialogues in the context of speech-based information and control systems. ( 2014 ) , and Mark M M.M. Berg: Modelling Of Natural Language Dialogues into the Conceptual Model of Storyboard Design . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was authored in the year 2014 . He also authored in 2013 .
Bernd Hentschel 0002 is the primary affiliation of the Academy of Sciences of the German Democratic Republic , Berlin , Germany and was authored by Bernd Hartling . It is also the author of the Dezentrale Realisierung zentraler Optimalsteuerungsstrategien Unter LQG-Voraussetzungen . ( 1987 ) .
Walter Brenner is the primary affiliation of the University of St. Gallen in Switzerland and authored by Alexander Ritschel et al.: SOX-IT-Compliance bei Novartis . ( 2006 ) . He was also the author of both the authors : Manuel Holler et al : The Role of Product Usage Data for Product Development enabled by intelligent Properties . ( 2016 ) and also the authors of the E-mail embedded software prototype for knowledge management . The latter was discovered in the year 2016 . He also authored by both the latter . Hehn et al ; On Integrating Design Thinking for Human-Centered Requirements Engineering. ( 2016 . ( 2015 ) and the authors , both of which were coined in the same year . The authorship of the latter was coined by the latter in the past . It was also written in the form of the PoCockpit .
The University of Trier in Germany is affiliated with the university of teller , Sergej Chludov who authored the book `` Entwicklung von Algorithmen und Programmen für ein Archivierungs- und Kommunikationssystem zur internetbasierten Verwaltung medizinischer Bilder . ''
The primary affiliation of Nadine Steinmetz is Ilmenau University in Germany and she is the author of the following books : `` Jörg Waitelonis et al.: Use What You Have : Yovisto Video Search Engine Takes a Semantic Turn . ( 2014 ) , '' `` Nadine Weinmetz and Kai-Uwe Sattler : COALA - A Rule-Based Approach to Answer Type Prediction . ( 2016 ) . ( 2012 ) , `` '' and `` '' . The latter was authored by Christian Hentschel et al : Cross-Dataset Learning of Visual Concepts. ( 2012 '' . ( 2013 ) . '' . and `` Eternals : Condiments of Named Entity Recognition for User-Generated Tags. ( 2011 ) .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Jörg Fischer 0001 which is authored by Jg Fischer et al.: Optimal Sequence-Based Control and Estimation of Networked Linear Systems . ( 2012 ) . It is also the author of the Achim Hekler & al.: Sequence-based LQG control over stochastic networks with linear integral constraints . ( 2014 ) . The latter was preceded by the work by the publication of the work of the book `` J.F.E .
The University of Bonn in Germany is affiliated with Klaus Becker 0003 which authored Klaus Becker : Ein Mehrgitterverfahren zur Berechnungen um Tragflächenprofile . ( 1985 ) .
Oliver Wannenwetsch is the primary affiliation of the University of Gottingen in Germany and is the author of Oliver Schmitt et al.: Experimental realization of a Persistent Identifier Infrastructure stack for Named Data Networking . ( 2015 ) . He also co-authored with Noa Campos-López : The PERICLES Process Compiler : Linking BPMN Processes into Complex Workflows for Model-Driven Preservation in Evolving Ecosystems . (2017 ) and Tim A. Majchrzak : On ConstructingPersistent Identifiers with Persistent Resolution Targets . ( 2016 ) . The latter . The book was also authored in the same year . The authorship of OliverWannenWetttingenwettch : Eine Virtuelle Forschungsfeld von Open Access , Nachhaltigkeit und Datenschutz . ( 2017 ) .
The University of Heidelberg in Germany is the primary affiliation of Markus Wolf 0002 which authored the book Lutz Bornmann et al.: Closed versus open reviewing of journal manuscripts : how far do comments differ in language use? ( 2012 ) . It is also the author of the book , Markus Wolf : E-Mail in der Psychotherapie : Entwicklung und Evaluation eines E- Mail-basierten Nachsorgeprogramms für die stationäre Psychotherapanie . ( 2014 ) .
Yan Zhang 0054 is affiliated with the ETH Zürich in Switzerland and was authored by both Marko Mihajlovic et al.: LEAP : Learning Articulated Occupancy of People and its applications for elderly people healthcare . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of `` Yan Zhang : Human Body Shape , Motion and Social Interactions from Head-Mounted Devices . ( 2021 ) and `` Siwei Zhang : An Empirical Study Towards Generating Person-Scene Interactions in 3D Scenes . (2020 ) . '' . '' and `` The SenseEmotion Database : A Multimodal Database for the Development and Systematic Validation of an Automatic Pain- and Emotion-Recognition System . '' , '' which was preceded by `` `` by `` Bypassed Devices '' . ( 2020 '' .
The primary affiliation of Feng Cheng 0002 is the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam and it was authored by both Marian Gawron et al.: Automatic vulnerability detection for weakness visualization and advisory creation . ( 2015 ) and by Martin Ussath et al : A Theoretical Model of Lock-Keeper Data Exchange and its Practical Verification . ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored by M.G.W.and M.Eng . in the following order : M.L.I . Both were authored by Janie Peng et al . (2017 ) and M.O . (2018 . M.E . (2015 ) . and the latter was preceded by the authors : Analyzing Remote Desktop Protocol Traffic. ( 2016 .
Benjamin Tannert is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen in Germany and authored the books : Anke Marei Brock et al.: SIG : Making Maps Accessible Barriers Using Cost-Benefit Analysis to Design Reliable Navigation Services for Wheelchair Users . ( 2018 ) , He also authored : Digitale Medien für Menschen mit Lernschwierigkeiten Entwicklung und Erprobung eines mobilen Assistenzsystems für kontextbezogenes Lernen . ( 2021 ) . He was authored in the same year . He is the author of the book that led to the publication of the work that was preceded by the book `` Ankemmarrantisation Systems for People with Mobility Impairments . (2018 ) .
Yongjie Yang 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Central South University , School of Information Science and Engineering in Changsha , China and was authored by Gábor Erdélyi et al.: Improved kernel and algorithm for claw and diamond free edge deletion based on refined observations . ( 2022 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Yongjiie Yang : On the Complexity of Constructive Control Under Nearly Single-Peaked Preferences . ( 2016 ) and `` GájieYang: On the Expertise : Solving Open Problems for Control in Elections . (2019 ) '' . The latter was preceded by the book 'Wenjun Li & Jianxin Wang : Complexity and Strategyproofness . (2018 ) . (2022 ) and 'YJie Yang ' which was written in the same language . ' which is the prequel to ' to ' that was the authored by ' to the ' ( 2016 .
Thomas Winkler 0006 is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Magdeburg in Germany . It is the author of the Eine Methode zur Bestimmung optimaler Instandhaltungsstrategien für redundante Systeme . ( 1983 ) .
Andres Goens is a graduate of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and was authored by Andrés Goens and Jerónimo Castrillón : Analysis of Process Traces for Mapping Dynamic KPN Applications to MPSoCs . ( 2015 ) . He was also authored by Mocasin - Rapid Prototyping of Rapid P3ing Tools : A Framework for Exploring New Approaches in Mapping Software to Heterogeneous Multi-cores . (2019 ) and was also the author of the works of both the authors : Marten Lohstroh et al.: Reactors : A Deterministic Model for Composable Reactive Systems . (2021 ) and the authors , Andros Goens , who were in the same division . (2015 ) . And R & MPS . ( 2021 ) . In the latter was preceded by the works by the authors Andréctions . ( 2014 . Andres Goens . ( 2016 ) and Andrandimo Castillón : Addressed to MappingDynamic KPN applications to MP SoCs ( 2015 . ( 2019 ) . The latter was the authorship of which was also written by Andre Goens which was the authored by the latter . Andres was the author who was also in the works that was written by the author , Andresc Goens 's works and was the co-authored by Mapping Systems ( 2015-2021 and the latter is the authors of the others , which is also the work of the latter respectively . In addition to this they are the authors for the following : The authors of both Andrès Goens : On Compact Mappings for Multicore Systems (2019-1919 ) and Maximilian Odendahl & Co. ( 2014-2015 . He also authored the works for the latter which was in the following order : Molnating of Mapping & Poaling : Eterna : Mapping Dynamics : Affiliated with the Poaling Systems ( 2016-1921 ) , Molnolnating : MPS & Mapping for Energy-efficient Baseband Processing in Wireless Networks . ( 1921 ) was also preceded by Robert Khasanov et al : This is the authorisation of the books of Andrér et Al.: Domain-specific Hybrid Maps for Poaling Poaling and Mapping : Affirmative Systems (2015-1920 ) and MPS and Molnala : Addition to Poaling . ( 1923-1922 ) .
The Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is affiliated to the school of Matthias Daum 0002 which authored the book Matthias daum : Mobile Roboter im Lager : rationelle Kommissionierung . ( 1990 ) .
Frank Hoffmann 0001 is the primary affiliation of TU Dortmund , Institute of Control Theory and Systems Engineering in Germany . He was authored by Jan Braun et al.: Co-evolutionary particle swarm optimization for min-max problems using Gaussian distribution . ( 2004 ) and also by Thomas Nierobisch & al.: Optimal Large View Visual Servoing with Sets of SIFT Features . ( 2011 ) . He is also the author of Frank Hartmann 03 which was the authored by Christoph Rösmann et al .
The primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Germany is the School of Medicine of Sukanya Bhowmik which is authored by Vitor Pinheiro de Almeida et al.: DSCEP : An Infrastructure for Distributed Semantic Complex Event Processing . (2020 ) and Christian Mayer et al : HYPE : Massive Hypergraph Partitioning with Neighborhood Expansion . (2018 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the author , Jonathan Falk & al.: Dynamic QoS-Aware Traffic Planning for Time-Triggered Flows with Conflict Graphs . ( 2021 ) .
Sebastian Meyer 0001 is the primary affiliation of Leibniz University Hannover , Institute of Practical Computer Science and is authored by Eric Knauss et al.: Feedback-driven requirements engineering : The Heuristic Requirements Assistant . ( 2009 ) and Sebastian Meyer : Synchronisierung von Modellen mit schwach strukturierten , natürlich-sprachlichen Dokumenten . ( 2013 ) . Sebastian Meyer 01 is also the author of Sebastian Meyer LLC . The latter is the authored by Sebastian Meyer and the latter was also the co-authored by Kurt Schneider et al . HeuristicRequirements Assistant . in 2009 .
The Hochschule Worms in Germany is the primary affiliation of Herbert Thielen who authored the books : The following : Klaus Gresser and Herbert Thalen : Transmitting Antenna with Cosecant-Shaped Vertical Pattern for the 12-GHz Television System . ( 1974 ) , and the book `` Horst F. Koch and Herbert . Mayer : Deadline scheduling in fault tolerant real time systems. (1992 ) '' .
Max Kemman is the primary affiliation of the University of Luxembourg , Department of History and authored by Martijn Kleppe et al.: PoliMedia : Analysing Media Coverage of Political Debates by Automatically Generated Links to Radio & Newspaper Items . ( 2014 ) . He is also the author of the books published in the following order : Max Kemmann : Just Google It - Digital Research Practices of Humanities Scholars . ( 2013 ) , Max Kemmen : A user-oriented tool for enhanced multimodal search and retrieval in audiovisual libraries . ( 2016 ) . ( 2015 ) , The latter was authored by the authors of the book `` Max KemMan : Identities Research - How to integrate information in digital Humanities Research . (2013 ) and the book 's co-authored by the journal ' , The Reference to the Information Systems - A Collapsible Facets Panel in a Search Interface. ( 2013 - 2016 .
The Technical University of Munich in Germany is the primary affiliation of Mai Bui 0001 which is authored by the following authors : The authors of the following books are : The following : The book was written in the following order : `` Haowen Deng et al.: 6D Camera Relocalization in Ambiguous Scenes via Continuous Multimodal Inference . (2020 ) , `` Mai Biu et al : Dealing with Uncertainty and Ambiguity in Pose Estimation . ( 2016 ) , '' `` '' , `` '' and `` '' . The book `` '' which was authored by '' in the same language '' , '' was also published in the year 's Enfanticipation in Ambambuity via Condivision . ( 2020 ) , '1916 '' , '1818 , '2021 ' , and 'Mai Bui et al . ( 2021 ) .
Sergey Kosov is the primary affiliation of the University of Siegen , Department ETI in Germany . He is the author of the following books : Sergey Kresov et al.: Lening of partially occluded regions via the multi-layer CRF . ( 2014 ) , Sergey Kosow et al : Accurate Real-Time Disparity Estimation with Variational Methods. ( 2013 ) , and Sergey Kosovet : The novel low-cost U-Net for environmental microorganism image segmentation. ( 2021 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was also authored by Sergey J.D . ( 2015 ) and the latter was written by Sergey K. ( 2016 . He also authored in the same year . ( 2009 ) .
Thomas Zink 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Konstanz in Germany and is authored by Alexander Diener et al.: Universelle Traversierung von NAT-Geräten . ( 2013 ) . The latter two were also the authors of the book ThomasZink : X.509 User Certificate-based Two-Factor Authentication for Web Applications . (2017 ) .
Siyu Tang 0001 was authored by both Margret Keuper et al.: A Multi-cut formulation for Joint Segmentation and Tracking of Multiple Objects . ( 2016 ) and Yan Wu et al : SAGA : Stochastic Whole-Body Grasping with Contact . ( 2021 ) . It was also authored by Eivgeny Levinkov et al . Eivg Yowrbach et al ; On Self-Contact and Human Pose . (2021 ) and Siwei Zhang & Co-Referenced People . (2017 ) .
Jil Klünder 's primary affiliation is Leibniz University Hannover , Germany and he is the author of the following books : Nils Prenner et al.: Defining Frames to Structure Agile Development in Hybrid Settings - A Multi-Case Interview Study. ( 2022 ) , Marc Herrmann and Jilklünder : From Textual to Verbal Communication : Towards Applying Sentiment Analysis to a Software Project Meeting - A Case Study . ( 2021 ) - A Systematic Literature Review . (2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . This publication was preceded by the book by the authors : These are the authors . (2018 ) . It was also authored in the following year . The authors were also the authors of this publication . Jil Karras et al . Linking Use Cases and Associated Requirements - A Software project Meeting .
Gerhard Kramer is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany . He is the author of the following works : Halitha Sankar et al.: Relay vs. User Cooperation in Time-Duplexed Multiaccess Networks ( 2008 ) , Doranjan Ratnakar et Al.: Information rates of precoding for massive MIMO and base station cooperation in an indoor scenario. ( 2016 ) , and the transmission of information for both sources . ( 2009 ) . He was also authored by Bernhard Goebel et al . (2010 ) and the Poincipitated by the authors : On Wiener Phase Noise Channels at High Signal-to-Noise Ratio ( 2013 ) . ( 2006 ) . The latter was authored by the latter . ( 2008 . and the latter by the author Hassan Ghozlan . (2013 ) .
Alexander Kulik is the primary affiliation of the Bauhaus University of Weimar , Computer Science and Media Department in Germany . He was authored by André Kunert et al.: The Globefish : A novel input device for desktop-based 3D interaction . ( 2009 ) and by Tim Weißker et al : Spatial Updating and Simulator Sickness During Steering and Augmented Reality in Everyday Context ( VARECo ) . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of Alexander Kudlik et al . The latter work . He also authored by the latter work and was the co-authored by the authors : The Groovepad : A Handheld Device for 3D-Presentations . ( 2012 ) .
Birte Richter is the primary affiliation of Birtefeld University in Germany and was authored by Birte Carlmeyer et al.: The Attention-Hesitation Model , A Non-Intrusive Intervention Strategy for Incremental Smart Home Dialogue Management . ( 2021 ) and Isabel Klemme et al : How to Address Smart Homes with a Social Robot? A Multi-Directional and Agile Academic Knowledge Transfer Strategy for Healthcare Technology . ( 2016 ) . Birte Heckter was the author of both the books . The latter was written in the same year and the latter was authored in the following order : The Hesitating Robot - Implementation and First Impressions . (2017 . ( 2018 ) and the previous one was in addition to the Information Presentation in an Object Fetching Task . ( 2017 ) .
Kristina Yordanova is the primary affiliation of the University of Rostock , Institute of Computer Science in Germany . She authored Martin Nyolt et al.: Checking Models for Activity Recognition ( 2015 ) , the authors of which , are Frank Krüger et al : Towards Tool Support for Computational Causal Behavior Models for ( 2016 ) and the authors Tomz Sosnowski and KristinaY.Yordanova : A probabilistic conversational agent for intelligent tutoring systems . ( 2015 . The latter was also authored in the same year . It was followed by the work in the following : Advances in large state spaces . (2021 ) . ( 2016 . It is the authored by Frank Krussweghereh et al . ( 2012 ) .
Dieter Lorenz 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Mittelhessen in Germany and was authored by Katrin Moeller et al.: LED Office Lighting to Promote Performance and Well-Being . ( 2011 ) and DieterLorenz : Ergonomic design of Call Centers . ( 2001 ) .
Alberto Romay is the primary affiliation of Darmstadt University of Technology in Germany and is the author of both the Stecher et al.: Human-robot Teaming for Rescue Missions and Alberto Isay Romay Tovar : An object template approach to manipulation for the semi-autonomous avatar robots . ( 2014 ) and the Stefan Kohlbrecher & al.: A Comprehensive Software Framework for Complex Locomotion and Manipulation Tasks Applicable to Different Types of Humanoid Robots . ( 2016 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . Hector and ViGIR 's efforts at the 2013 DARPA Robotics Challenge Trials . ( 2013 ) .
Thomas S Heinze 's primary affiliation is Friedrich Schiller University Jena , Institute of Computer Science and he authored Thomas S. Heinze et al.: BPMN in the Wild : A Reprise . ( 2022 ) , Thomas S Hartze : Security Challenges of Cloud Manufacturing : A Case Study in the Aerospace Domain ( short paper ) (2019 ) . He was also the author of the books : The authors : Jasmin Türker and Thomas S Heze : PANIC - Plugging Data Leak Detection into the Camunda Modeler ( abbreviated to TPS . ( 2016 ) and the authors : TPSL . (2021 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same paper . Heze and the printed in the Decemelding Semantic Business Process Model Clones ( 2016-2021 . ( Este Überlegungen zur Erklärbarkeit von Deep-Learning-Modellen für die Analyse von Quellcode .
Avikarsha Mandal is the primary affiliation of Hochschule Offenburg , Germany and is authored by Avikarha Mandal and Frederik Armknecht et al.: Privacy-Preserving Distributed Economic Dispatch Protocol for Smart Grid Systems . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Avikasha Mandal : On security and privacy of consensus-based protocols in blockchain and smart grid. (2020 ) . '' which was authored by the authors of both `` Lasse Nitz et al : Towards Privacy Preserving Consensus-Based Economic Dispatch in SmartGrid Systems. ( 2016 '' and `` '' . ( 2015 ) . The latter was also the book that was published in the same year . '' . The book was preceded by '' by `` '' , which was also written by `` Frederikandery : Overview and Outlook . (2015 '' .
Andreas Wittmann , authored by Michael Schröder , is the primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Germany . The University is affiliated with the university of Christoph Günther 0003 and its primary affiliation is Peter Wägemann .
The primary affiliation of Tilmann Rabl is the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam , Germany . They are the authors of the books Todor Ivanov et al.: Big Data , High Performance Computing , and Machine Learning Benchmarks. ( 2021 ) and the books Clemens Lutz & al.: Pump Up the Volume : Processing Large Data on GPUs with Fast Interconnects . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the latter and the latter by the former . They were also written in the same year . The book was also published in the following order : Paul Cao et al . TPCx-BB : Standardization of a Big Data Benchmark. ( 2016 . It was also authored in the year 2016 . Both were authored by The Fall 2016 and the following year .
Christian Krätzer is the primary affiliation of the University of Magdeburg in Germany . He authored Steffen Wendzel et al.: The feasibility test of state-of-the-art face detection algorithms for vehicle occupant detection. (2010 ) , SteffenWendzel & Jana Dittmann : Plausibility Considerations on Steganalysis as a Security Mechanism - Discussions on the Decemelding Images using Generative Adversarial Networks. ( 2012 ) , and Steppe Wendzel & al.: A Revised Taxonomy of Steganography Embedding Patterns. ( 2021 ) . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by Christian Kraetzer . ( 2014 ) . It was preceded by the `` Components on the Eternals of Latent Fingerprint Images . ( 2016 ) .
The University of Trier in Germany is affiliated with the university of teller , Sergej Chludov who authored the book `` Entwicklung von Algorithmen und Programmen für ein Archivierungs- und Kommunikationssystem zur internetbasierten Verwaltung medizinischer Bilder . ''
Uwe Zdun is the primary affiliation of the University of Vienna in Austria and is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : `` Ernst Oberortner et al.: Tailoring a model-driven Quality-of-Service DSL for various stakeholders . ( 2009 ) , `` '' '' , `` Faiz Ul Muram & al.: Automated Mapping of UML Activity Diagrams to Formal Specifications for Supporting Containment Checking . ( 2014 ) , '' '' '' and `` '' , '' `` '' . The `` EOlder Mating Systems : A Pattern Language for Manual Analysis of QoS properties in service-oriented systems : a Pattern-based architectural modelling using architectural primitives . ( 2013 ) and '' '' ( 2014 . ( 2015 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by `` Christine Mayr et Al.: Enhancing traceability of persistent data access flows in process-driven SOAs . (2013 '' .
Ana-Maria Olteteanu is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Spatial Cognition Center in Germany and was authored by Faheem Hassan Zunjani and Ana-Marisa Oltetteeanu : Are all Remote Associates Test equal? An overview and comparison of the CRIDENames for Computational Modelling and Creativity Support using Associative Creativity and Creative Problem Solving . (2019 ) and Jan Philipp Behrens . The latter was authored in the same year . It was followed by the work in the works in the following order : An introduction of the following : An initial Validation . ( 2018 ) and the associated with Eureka in Four Not-So-Easy Steps : Towards Creative Visuospatial Intelligence . (2018 ) .
The University of Calgary in Canada is the primary affiliation of Christian Jacob 0001 who authored the books : Peter Wilke and Christian Jacob : Simulating Neural Networks in a Distributed Computing Environment Using NeuroGraph . ( 2011 ) , Peter M. Hoar et al.: Programming and evolving physical self-assembling systems in three dimensions . ( 2012 ) , and the book `` The NeuroGraph Neural Network Simulator . ( 2003 ) .
The University of Heidelberg in Germany is the primary affiliation of Markus Wolf 0002 which authored the book Lutz Bornmann et al.: Closed versus open reviewing of journal manuscripts : how far do comments differ in language use? ( 2012 ) . It is also the author of the book , Markus Wolf : E-Mail in der Psychotherapie : Entwicklung und Evaluation eines E- Mail-basierten Nachsorgeprogramms für die stationäre Psychotherapanie . ( 2014 ) .
Christian Hahn 0001 is the primary affiliation of Saarland University / DFKI , Saarbrücken , Germany and is authored by Christian Hartahn et al.: Model-driven Approach to the Integration of Multiagent Systems and Semantic Web Services . ( 2008 ) . The authors of the books are : ChristianHahn and Ismar Slomic : Agent-based Extensions for the UML Profile and Metamodel for Service-oriented Architectures . ( 2006 ) and Christian Hohahn et Al.: A Framework for the design of open agent-based electronic marketplaces. ( 2008 . ( 2009 ) . ( co-authored by Christianhahn and Klaus Fischer : Service Composition in Holonic Modalities : Model-Driven Choreography and Orchestration . (2008 ) , which is the author of the book `` CODEL for multiagent systems . (2009 ) .
Peter Lindner 0001 is affiliated with the RWTH Aachen University in Germany and is authored by Martin Grohe and PeterLindner : The theory of infinite probabilistic databases . ( 2022 ) and also by Nofar Carmeli et al.: Tuple-Independent Representations of Infinite Probabilistic Databases. ( 2021 ) . The latter was authored by Peter Grohe & Peter Lindners . (2020 ) .
Johannes Wienke is the primary affiliation of the Bielefeld University in Germany and is the author of the following works : JohannesWienke et al.: A Data Set for Fault Detection Research on Component-based Robotic Systems. ( 2016 ) , Dinesh Babu Jayagopi et al . ( 2013 ) , and Sebastian Wrede : The Cognitive Interaction Toolkit : a conversational human-robot-interaction dataset . ( 2014 ) . ( 2016 . The latter was authored by him . He is the authored by the latter . He was also the co-author of the work that preceded the publication of the journal `` The Information Systems . (2013 ) . He also authored the journal 's `` Advances in robotics and intelligent systems . ( 2018 ) .
The primary affiliation of Champika Ranasinghe is the University of Twente , culty of Electrical Engineering , Mathematics , and Computer Science , Enschede , The Netherlands . The company is the author of the following books : The authorship of the books : `` Champika Manel Ranasingshe et al.: Visualizing Location Uncertainty on Mobile Devices : Assessing Users ' Perception and Preferences . ( 2016 ) , '' which was authored by E.R.I . A. C. M. Uduwaragoda et al . (2018 ) , `` Champiki EpaRanasinghe : Adapting navigation support to positional information of varying quality . '' , `` Cross-Cultural Differences in Perceptions and Preferences. ( 2018 ) , '18 , ' , ' ( 2016 , '1917 , ' and '08 , ' in-the-wild Studies . ( 2018 . (2019 , '17 , and '18 ) . The latter was also authored by the latter was written by the company ' , which was itself authored by him . in the same year . ( also known as `` C.I.W . ' . '' . ( which was also written in the year '17 ) . ' , was also the authored by '08 . , which is also the co-authored by the author : '08 and '09 . `` The latter is the sequel to '08-19 . `` , which itself was also preceded by '09-1912 . `` He was also co-authored by the same author . ' in the following order : `` X.R . I. A.C . M.U.W. ' . He . He 's also authored in the latter . ' which was written in '19 . He has also authored `` The following : '' : `` The authors : '' , '08 : `` '' : 'Champika Ranaserhe , '09 : '09 , '06 : `` He ' was also Authored by `` The Authorented by '' : '' ; `` The Information : Identifier : Location Information Quality : A.L.C.E . & 'W.I ' , '' '08 - '09 - '08 ; '08 ': '09 ' : `` E. R. I.A.C' : 'E.R' : `` C:I.E.L . ' : ' , `` X:R:Influenced : `` Evaluating User Experience under Location Information
The primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt (Chemnitz ) in Germany is the Mathias Nagel Institute for Mathematisch-statistische Modelle für die Kontrolle der mikrobiologischen Belastung von Gewässern . ( 1984 ) .
The primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Edmund Nickel 0002 which was authored by Edmund Nickel : Computersimulation von 18-Krone-6 . ( 1990 ) .
The primary affiliation of Marburg University in Germany is the Markus Ruffing 0001 which was authored in 1994 . The university 's primary affiliation is the Mark Ruffing Institute for the Study of Profil einer Datenbank .
Martin Spüler is the primary affiliation of Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen , Department of Computer Science . He is the author of the following books : Armin Walter et al.: Dynamics of a Stimulation-evoked ECoG Potential During Stroke Rehabilitation - A Case Study . ( 2014 ) , Martin Spussler : Assessing the Benefit of a MEG-Based Brain-Computer Interfacing. ( 2013 ) , Farid Shiman et al.EcoG in Chronic Stroke Patients. (2013 ) , and Martin Sputler : Affsupervised Online Calibration of a c-VEP Brain-computer Interfacing . ( 2015 ) , which was authored by the Decemelding Wrist Movement Trajectory from the same limb using EEG . ( 2013 . (2015 ) . ( 2016 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Darmstadt in Germany is the company of Axel Schmidt 0001 which was authored by Lucie Langer et al.: An Evaluation and Certification Approach to Enable Voting Service Providers . ( 2009 ) . The company is also the author of the LucieLanger & al.: Condensed Privacy and Verifiability Requirements for Electronic Voting. (2009 ) and the L.L.R . (2009) . The latter is the authorship of the latter . The L.R.E . paper which was also authored by the company 's parent company , which is also known as the `` L.E.W.L . '' and the associated with the information about the electronic elections providing voter-verifiability in the bulletin board model . ( 2008 .
Davide Chicco and Giuseppe Jurman : Arterial Disease Computational Prediction and Health Record Feature Ranking Among Patients Diagnosed With Inflammatory Bowel Disease . ( 2021 ) is more reliable than balanced accuracy , bookmaker informedness , and markedness in two-class confusion matrix evaluation . ( 2014 ) . It was authored by Davidechco and Luca Oneto : Data analytics and clinical feature ranking of medical records of patients with sepsis . (2021 ) . The latter was preceded by the publication of the book Delphco et al.: The Matthews correlation coefficient ( MCC . ( 2011 ) . DavideChicco and Marco Masseroli : Extended Spearman and Kendall Coefficients for Gene Annotation List Correlation . (2014 ) . ( 2015 ) .
Redwan Abdo A. Mohammed is the primary affiliation of the University of Rostock , Institute of Computer Science . He is the author of the following books : The authors of the books : Redwan A.Mohammed et al.: Gaze Location Prediction with Depth Features as Auxiliary Information . ( 2014 ) , Redwan B.A.M. and Oliver G. Staadt : The Effects of Interior Bezels of Tiled Large High-Resolution Displays on Saliency Prediction and Human Eye Movement Behavior . ( 2015 ) , and the authors : The latter was also written in the same year . The latter is also authored in the latter was in the past . (2014 ) and the previous year . (2015 ) . and the latter is in the works . ( both were written in redwan Abdowt : Addressed to the Information Systems to the Centre of Gaze during Free Viewing . ( 2016 ) .
Peter Protzel 's primary affiliation is Fakultät für Elektrotechnik und Informationstechnik , Technische Universität Chemnitz . He was authored by Niko Sünderhauf et al.: Circular Convolutional Neural Networks for Panoramic Images and Laser Data in the year 2021 . He also authored the book `` Bella Bella '' which was co-authored by Peter Pöschmann and Niko Sanchez . The book `` Unsupervised Learning Methods for Visual Place Recognition in Discretely and Continuously Changing Environments . ( 2012 ) . ( 2015 ) . He is the author of both the book 'Stripped by 'Towards : Towards a robust back-end for pose graph SLAM . ( 2016 ) and 'Swed By ' which was preceded by 'Pipath mitigation in GNSS-based localization using robust optimization . ( 2013 ) .
Meriem Trabelsi is the primary affiliation of the Tunis University in Tunisia and is the author of the books , Nahla Ben Amor et al.: Solving possibilistic games with Incomplete Information . ( 2022 ) and , also in the same year , the book , 'M'Titan 's `` Ordinal Polymatrix Games with In complete Information . '' .
The primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany is Yana Momchilova Mileva which is authored by YanaMomchilva et al.: Illumination-Robust Variational Optical Flow with Photometric Invariants . ( 2007 ) and Andreas Zeller : Assessing Modity via usage changes . ( 2011 ) . The latter is the authored work of Yana M.M.L.A .
The primary affiliation of Athanasios K. Tsakalidis is the Department of Computer Engineering and Informatics , Faculty of Engineering , University of Patras , Greece . He was authored by both Dimitrios N. Vrahatis et al.: Identifying miRNA-mediated signaling subpathways by integrating paired miRNA/mRNA expression data with pathway topology . ( 2015 ) and Christos Makris and the Poet 's : A Web Platform for Non-Coding RNA Feature Calculation and MicroRNAs and Targets Prediction . (2015 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . He has been the author of the latter work . The previous work was published in the same year . It was also written in the following order : The Diploma of Information Retrieval Engines : A Multi-agent Approach . ( 2000 ) . This was preceded by the Deccanisation of the dynamic predecessor problem . ( 2006 .
The primary affiliation of Yiwei Cao is the RWTH Aachen University in Germany and they are the authors of the following books : The following are the publications : The authors : The Dejan Kovachev et al.: Mobile Cloud Computing : A Comparison of Application Models ( 2011 ) , the printed works : The latter was authored by YiweiCao , which is in the following order : `` Yiwei : Intergenerational Community Learning Supported by a Hypermedia Afghan Sites and Monuments Database . ( 2005 ) , '06 , '07 , '08 , '09 and '09 , '10 , '12 , '13 , '16 , '17 , '29 , '30 , '01 , '02 , '03 , '05 , '11 , '14 , '15 , '28 , ' was written by '06 and '08 . ' , the latter was also authored by '09 . The latter by '08 and '12 ' was also the authored by Dej Kovachev & al.:Mobile Cloud Computing: A Comparison Of Application Models ' ( 2011 and '10 respectively . '16 and '16 respectively , and '17 respectively . This was the co-authored by the latter is the latter by the Chinese language , which was also written by the Dejvchow '09-09 , and was also in the same author was the pre-written by '16 ' , as was '09 ' , in the latter ' , and is also the author of '08-2015 . This is the prequel to '16-2015 ' which is the `` YIwei Cao : Uncertainty handling in mobile community information systems , ' which was the authorship of '06-09 . This latter was followed by '07-09 by 'YIweiCourier ' , which in turn was the author : '08 ' , 'Wywei Cao ' , whose primary affiliation is Ralf Klamma et Al.: Construction on the Web 2.0 as a New Means of Creating Arts . ( 2009-2015 , and the latter has been authored by `` Xiuwei Cao et al : Irrespective Personal Learning Environments by Context-Aware Tagging . (2010-09 ) . ' and '07 was '08 - '09 - '10 ' - which was written in '09 respectively .
The primary affiliation of Nina C. Hubig is the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in Germany . She was authored by Bart P Knijnenburg and N. Humaira et al.: Compression-Based Graph Mining Exploiting Structure Primitives . ( 2014 ) . She is the author of the following books : The authorship of both the books are : Linnea Passing & al.: SQL- and Operator-centric Data Analytics in Relational Main-Memory Databases . ( 2015 ) and the work of the co-authored by the authors Bart PKnijnenburg . The latter was preceded by the book Jing Feng et al : Compression–based Graph Mining Explosion (2013 . (2013 ) . (2015 ) . This book was also the authored by the Poet 's Advances in relationale Datenbanksysteme. (2015 . ( 2016 ) , the latter was also written by the latter in the same year . It was also in the previous year . The book was written by N.H.L.E . ( 2013 . and the latter by the author NiC Hubig . It is also the authoring of the book that was written in the following : The book which was also published in the year that was coined by the Sage . ( which was the sequel to the book `` Manuel Then et Al.: Effiziente Integration von Data-and Graph-Mining-Algorithmen in the past . ( 2021 ) . The authors are Bart Pknijnenburg & Nina C Hubig : Human-Centric Preference Modeling for Virtual Agents . (2014 ) .
The primary affiliation of Oldenbourg Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is Michael Müller 0006 which was authored by Michael M.M.E . in 1986 . The university is also the primary affiliation for the University of Gottingen .
Parisa Memarmoshrefi is the primary affiliation of the University of Gottingen , Institute for Computer Science , Germany and was authored by William Casey et al.: Deception , identity , and security : the game theory of sybil attacks . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of ParisaMemarmowi : An AI-Based Transmission Power-Control Certificate Omission in Mobile Ad-hoc Networks . ( 2015 ) and ParisaMarmowli : A Bio-Inspired Autonomous Authentication Mechanism inMobile Ad-Hoc Networks. ( 2013 ) . The latter was preceded by Parisa M.E . (2013 ) and William Casey & al.: Identity Deception and Game Deterrence via Signaling Games. ( 2016 . (2015 ) .
Yongjie Yang 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Central South University , School of Information Science and Engineering in Changsha , China and was authored by Gábor Erdélyi et al.: Improved kernel and algorithm for claw and diamond free edge deletion based on refined observations . ( 2022 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Yongjiie Yang : On the Complexity of Constructive Control Under Nearly Single-Peaked Preferences . ( 2016 ) and `` GájieYang: On the Expertise : Solving Open Problems for Control in Elections . (2019 ) '' . The latter was preceded by the book 'Wenjun Li & Jianxin Wang : Complexity and Strategyproofness . (2018 ) . (2022 ) and 'YJie Yang ' which was written in the same language . ' which is the prequel to ' to ' that was the authored by ' to the ' ( 2016 .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of the Institute which is affiliated with the following cities : Jörg Fischer 0001 , Johann Heinrich Hoppe and Swati Chandna 0001 . The Institute 's primary affiliation is the Nadeschda Nikitina and its affiliation is Sheng Li : Verteilte Steuerung von kooperativen autonomen mobilen Robotern für Transportaufgaben . ( 1996 ) .
Andreas Jahn 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Kassel in Germany and was authored in the following order : Andreas Kahn et al.: 5G / LTE Based Protection of Vulnerable Road Users : Detection of Crossing a Curb . ( 2015 ) , Andreas J.ahn et Al.: Focus on the User : A User Relative Coordinate System for Activity Detection . ( 2016 ) and Andreas J/Lloyd David : A Toolchain for Context Recognition : Automating the Investigation of a Multitude of Parameter Sets . (2015 ) . The latter is the authored by AndreasJahn and Klaus David 's work in the same order . The authors were the authors of the latter work in this publication . Andreas JK.E. ( 2016 . Andreasjahn & Klaus David : Improved activity recognition by using grouped activities . (2016 ) .
The primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Jörg Müller 0007 which is authored by Jog Müller : Entwicklung eines Expertensystems zur Auswahl von Greifern für Handhabungsaufgaben . ( 1997 ) .
Christopher Morris 0001 is affiliated with the Mila - Quebec AI Institute in Canada and was authored by Nils M. Kriege et al.: A Unifying View of Explicit and Implicit Feature Maps for Structured Data : Systematic Studies of Graph Kernels . ( 2021 ) and Christopher Morris et al : Weisfeiler and Leman go Machine Learning : The Story so far . (2021 ) . The latter two were authored by Christopher Morris . Christopher Morris was also the authors of both the books : The latter was also authored by the latter in the following : Christopher Morris and the latter was the author of the book : ChristopherMorris . ( 2016 ) . This book was also published in the same year and the book was the sequel to the book that was written in the year 's sequel : `` Christopher Morris go to the same place , '' which was the authorship of the previous year .
Jasper van de Ven is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the following books : `` The Spatial Interaction Laboratory - A Distributed Middleware and Qualitative Representation for Ambient Intelligence . ( 2016 ) , `` Jasper van De Ven et al.: Translation of String-and-Pin-based Shortest Path Construction into Data-Scalable Agent-based Computational Models. ( 2018 ) , 'Jasper van deVen : The Spalable agent-based Computer Science and Information Systems . ' , 'Integrating Privacy Description Language - Integrating Privacy Concepts , Languages , and Technologies. ( 2016 '' , '2018 ' . ( 2014 ) . ' and 'Jasmin van DeVen ' ( 2016 . ( 2013 ) and 'Equal-PN-learning for tracking applications. (2014 ) . ( 2015 ) , and '
Peter Becker 0001 is affiliated with the University of Applied Sciences , Institute of Visual Computing , St. Augustin , Germany and was authored by Peter Becker and Stefan Müller : Verteiltes Modell-Management und Objektbanken für diskrete Probleme und diskrete Strukturen . ( 1996 ) and Peter Becker : Construction of Nearly Optimal Multiway Trees . ( 1995 ) . It is authored by both Peter Becker & Peter Dettmar et al.: Efficient Mesoscopic Simulations for Persistent Agents in 3D-Applications and Games . ( 2013 ) . The latter was also authored by Hans Argenton . Peter Becker .
The Hochschule Schmalkalden in Germany is the primary affiliation of Kurt Englmeier . He was authored by Jérôme Augé et al.: Catégorisation automatique de textes basée sur des hiérarchies de concepts in 2003 and 2016 . He has also authored the following books : The following : The Information Information Sharing - Fostering the Engineering Capacity of the Data-Driven Mindset . ( 2014 ) , The Information Editor : The Benefit of Thinking Small in Complex Information spaces. ( 2016 ) , Jérome Augé & Fionn Murtagh : Distinguer les requêtes pour améliorer la recherche d'information XML . ( 2006 and The Information Drinks . ( 2016 . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by the book by the Kontakt . ( 2004 . ( 2003 ) and the book The Information Xest. ( 2004 ) .
The University of Heidelberg in Germany is affiliated to the university of Wolfgang Tischer 0001 who authored the book Wolfgang Tisch : Zur Methodik der Erfassung und Beobachtung von Patienten mit bestimmten Krankheiten in geographisch definierten Bevölkerungsarealen mit speziellem Bezug zum WHO-Herzinfarktregister Heidelburg . ( 1980 ) .
Salomon Sickert 's primary affiliation is the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , Israel . He was authored by Udi Boker et al.: On the Translation of Automata to Linear Temporal Logic. ( 2022 ) and Orna Kupferman et al : The 5th Reactive Synthesis Competition ( SyNTCOMP 2018 : Benchmarks , Participants & Results . ( 2019 ) . He is also the author of Jan Kretínský et Al.: One Theorem to Rule Them All : A Unified Translation of LTL into ω-Automata . ( 2021 ) .
Madlen Wuttke : Proaktive Agenten im Lernkontext : Die Auswirkungen neuer Inputkanäle in der lernstoffvermittelnden Mensch-Computer-Interaktion . ( 2014 ) was authored by Madlen Meeller-Wuttke and Michael Heidt . The latter is the author of the books : Madlen wuttke et al.: Proactive Functions of a Pedagogical Agent - Steps for Implementing a Social Catalyst Function . ( 2016 ) and the book : The Outlook for the Validation of a Natural User Interface . ( 2017 ) . The book was also authored by the latter . They are the authors of the book that was authored in the same year . The authors are Andreas Bischof et al.? Interdisziplinäre Impulse für den Begriff `` Interaktion '' ( 2014 .
The Hochschule Wismar , Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science in Germany is the primary affiliation of Markus M Berg . He is the author of the following books : Mark M. Berg : Nils Weber et al.: Ontologiespeicherung in Datenbanken im Kontext natürlichsprachlicher Dialogsysteme. ( 2012 ) , Mark M Berg : Modelling of Natural dialogues in the context of speech-based information and control systems. ( 2014 ) , and Mark M M.M. Berg: Modelling Of Natural Language Dialogues into the Conceptual Model of Storyboard Design . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was authored in the year 2014 . He also authored in 2013 .
The Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is affiliated to the school of Matthias Daum 0002 which authored the book Matthias daum : Mobile Roboter im Lager : rationelle Kommissionierung . ( 1990 ) .
The University of Tübingen in Germany is the primary affiliation of Axel Müller 0002 which was authored by Axel Möller . He is the author of the book `` Axel Müller : Entwurfsmethodik und automatisierte Verteilung für Steuerungssoftware in der Automobilelektronik . ( 1999 ) . The book was authored in the same year and is the sequel to The book `` Axiom : Client/Server-Architecture for open-loop functions in the automotive electronics development . '' which was also authored in 1999 .
The Dresden University of Technology in Germany is affiliated with both Christian Hütter 0003 and Rolf Zimmermann 0001 . The school is the primary affiliation of both the latter two . The university is also the location of the doctoral student Ulrich Hofmann , who authored the book , `` Theorie der Flusssteuerung in Rechnernetzen '' .
The Hochschule der Bayerischen Wirtschaft is affiliated to the Institute of Technology and is the primary affiliation of it . It is authored by both the authors , Steffi Leimer et al.: eLearning als Teil einer serviceorientierten Hochchulinfrastruktur ( 2008 ) and by the author , Ivan Gergintchev . The latter was authored by the latter in the year 2004 . It was preceded by the work of the authors Peter Luksch et alitta eLearning in die IuK Infrasierung von Dozenten im Bereich eLearning an der Technischen Universität München. ( 2006 ) and the author . The work of which was also written in the same year . It has been followed by the authorship of the book , Springer Elling in the form of which is also known as the `` Gemeldeldelde - Integriertes eLearning der Elling an der Talaussch und Schnittstellen . '' and the latter was written by the co-authored by the Dekschulen ( 2004 . The book was also authored by The author , which was by the TorffiLitticher Torpedo Italain : Pediments in the following : Infrastructures in the Poinchere : Standardisierter Datenaustausch & Distributed Scientific Computing : A Case Study from Industrial Practice . ( 1998 ) . This book is also the sequel to the book that was authored By the latter . The author was also the author of both the book `` Steffisierung der Kontakturen deutscher Hohschulen : SpiLettigkeit des Einsatzes von eLearning Anwissenschaft . ( 2006-2006 . '' The latter is the authored by Kontraktivisier : Pedimento Lettin : eLearningAlto elling in der Triestrittel Zur Förderung alto Qualifizierung als Mittel zur ForschUniversitat Zalaischaft ( 1996-1998 ) and also by the book 'SteffiLeimer & al.: emittiazierung Alto Qualitatssicherung : Elling Anwendung der Nachhaltigkeitschaft ' . It 's authored by SteffIleimer et
Helmut Hoyer is the primary affiliation of the University of Hagen in Germany and is the author of the following books : Michael Gerke et al.: From Simulation to Virtual Reality : A Robotic Application . ( 1994 ) , Ein Beitrag zur Entwicklung von digitalen Differentialanalysatoren für den Einsatz in Hybridrechnern. ( 1980 ) . He was authored by Helmut Hartoyer and his co-authored by Thomas Berkel et al . He is also the co-author of `` Martin Witte et al ! Virtuelles Labor-Nutzung in Echtzeit für Robotersysteme. (1997 ) . ( 1998 ) and `` Migrationsstrategie e-Learning . ( 1997 ) .
The Hochschule für Ökonomie in Berlin , Germany is affiliated with the Hans-Joachim Schmidt 0001 which authored the book `` Hans-joachim Scharf der Untersuchung der Zielgesamtheit in der Jahresproduktionsplanung von Industriekombinate . ( 1985 ) .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Matthias Nagel 0001 which is authored by Gunnar Hartung et al.: BBA+ : Improving the Security and Applicability of Privacy-Preserving Point Collection . (2017 ) and by Brandon Broadnax et al : P6V2G : a privacy-preserving V2G scheme for two-way payments and reputation . ( 2018 ) . The latter was authored by the latter 's co-authored by the authors , Brandon Dowsley & al.: A survey on design and implementation of protected searchable data in the cloud . (2018 ) .
Martin Spüler is the primary affiliation of Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen , Department of Computer Science . He is the author of the following books : Armin Walter et al.: Dynamics of a Stimulation-evoked ECoG Potential During Stroke Rehabilitation - A Case Study . ( 2014 ) , Martin Spussler : Assessing the Benefit of a MEG-Based Brain-Computer Interfacing. ( 2013 ) , Farid Shiman et al.EcoG in Chronic Stroke Patients. (2013 ) , and Martin Sputler : Affsupervised Online Calibration of a c-VEP Brain-computer Interfacing . ( 2015 ) , which was authored by the Decemelding Wrist Movement Trajectory from the same limb using EEG . ( 2013 . (2015 ) . ( 2016 ) .
Thomas Zink 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Konstanz in Germany and is authored by Alexander Diener et al.: Universelle Traversierung von NAT-Geräten . ( 2013 ) . The latter two were also the authors of the book ThomasZink : X.509 User Certificate-based Two-Factor Authentication for Web Applications . (2017 ) .
Sebastian Meyer 0001 is the primary affiliation of Leibniz University Hannover , Institute of Practical Computer Science and is authored by Eric Knauss et al.: Feedback-driven requirements engineering : The Heuristic Requirements Assistant . ( 2009 ) and Sebastian Meyer : Synchronisierung von Modellen mit schwach strukturierten , natürlich-sprachlichen Dokumenten . ( 2013 ) . Sebastian Meyer 01 is also the author of Sebastian Meyer LLC . The latter is the authored by Sebastian Meyer and the latter was also the co-authored by Kurt Schneider et al . HeuristicRequirements Assistant . in 2009 .
Timo Kehrer is the primary affiliation of the University of Bern , Institute of Computer Science in Switzerland . He authored TimoKehrer et al.: An Adaptable Tool Environment for High-level Differencing of Textual Models . ( 2015 ) , Maike Basmer and Timokehrer : An Exploration of Sustainability Thinking in Research Software Engineering . ( 2018 ) , and the latter was authored by Timohrer and Birgit Penzenstadler : An Affiliating Edit Operations for Profiled UML Models. ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored in the same year . TimoHrer , TimoEchoating Large EMF Models Efficiently - A Rule-Based , Configurable Approach to A Case Study . (2019 ) . (2018 ) .
Jasper van de Ven is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the following books : `` The Spatial Interaction Laboratory - A Distributed Middleware and Qualitative Representation for Ambient Intelligence . ( 2016 ) , `` Jasper van De Ven et al.: Translation of String-and-Pin-based Shortest Path Construction into Data-Scalable Agent-based Computational Models. ( 2018 ) , 'Jasper van deVen : The Spalable agent-based Computer Science and Information Systems . ' , 'Integrating Privacy Description Language - Integrating Privacy Concepts , Languages , and Technologies. ( 2016 '' , '2018 ' . ( 2014 ) . ' and 'Jasmin van DeVen ' ( 2016 . ( 2013 ) and 'Equal-PN-learning for tracking applications. (2014 ) . ( 2015 ) , and '
The German Aerospace Center is the primary affiliation of Stephan Pfletschinger who was authored by Giuseppe Cocco et al.: Seek and decode : Random access with physical-layer network coding and multiuser detection . ( 2016 ) . He was also authored by Paul Unterhuber and Frieder Sanzi : A Survey of Channel Measurements and Models for Current and Future Railway Communication Systems . ( 2014 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter .
Gerd Bauer : Optimierung von statischen Routingverfahren in speziellen Graphenklassen ( 2001 ) is authored by Helmut Hoyer and is the primary affiliation of the University of Hagen in Germany . The University is affiliated with the Universities of Hagon which is led by Gerdauer 0002 and Helmut Hartoyer .
Meriem Trabelsi is the primary affiliation of the Tunis University in Tunisia and is the author of the books , Nahla Ben Amor et al.: Solving possibilistic games with Incomplete Information . ( 2022 ) and , also in the same year , the book , 'M'Titan 's `` Ordinal Polymatrix Games with In complete Information . '' .
The University of Kaiserslautern , Germany is the primary affiliation of the Markus Junker 0002 which was authored by Andreas P. Schmidt and Mark Junker . The authors are Armin Hust et al.: Combining Ontologies and Document Retrieval Techniques : A Case Study for an E-Learning Scenario . ( 2002 ) and ArminHoch : Clarifying OCR and Non-OCR Text Representations for Learning Document Classifiers . ( 2003 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It is also the author of the Markus Junker which was preceded by the book Arminjunker and Andreas Junker : Mining Documents for Complex Semantic Relations by the Use of Context Classification . (2002 ) . This book was also published in the same year . It was also authored by both the latter and the book 's authors .
Frank Hoffmann 0001 is the primary affiliation of TU Dortmund , Institute of Control Theory and Systems Engineering in Germany . He was authored by Jan Braun et al.: Co-evolutionary particle swarm optimization for min-max problems using Gaussian distribution . ( 2004 ) and also by Thomas Nierobisch & al.: Optimal Large View Visual Servoing with Sets of SIFT Features . ( 2011 ) . He is also the author of Frank Hartmann 03 which was the authored by Christoph Rösmann et al .
Johannes Bauer 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Hamburg in Germany and was authored by Johannes Bauer and Stefan Wermter . It is the author of Johannes Bauer et al.: A SOM-based model for multi-sensory integration in the superior colliculus . ( 2015 ) and Johannes Bauer & Stefan Wermanter : Self-Organized Neural Learning of Statistical Inference from High-Dimensional Data . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was preceded by the publication of the J. Bauer and K.D . ( 2014 ) and the latter was also written in the same publication . The J.D. ( 2015 . ( 2016 ) . Johannes Bauer was the authorship of the latter is also the authors of the Johannes Bauer . This publication was also published in the journal Johannes Bauer 's ( 2013 .
Dietmar Müller 0003 ( authored by Dietmar M.M. ) is the primary affiliation of the Free University of Berlin , Dahlem , Germany . The university 's primary affiliation is the Federal Ministry of Health which is the location of the Institute for the Study of Information ( 2002 ) .
Helmut Schmidt University in Hamburg , Germany is affiliated with Rolf Weber 0002 which was authored by Rolf Wehrman and is the author of the book `` Ridgeweigung von dial-a-ride-Problemen . ''
The Hochschule Harz in Germany is the primary affiliation of Bernhard Zimmermann who authored the books Jacob Krüger et al.: Physical separation of features : a survey with CPP developers . ( 2018 ) and Bernhardmann : Transduktionsgrammatiken , ein Spezifikationswerkzeug für kontext-freie Compiler . ( 1985 ) .
Siyu Tang 0001 was authored by both Margret Keuper et al.: A Multi-cut formulation for Joint Segmentation and Tracking of Multiple Objects . ( 2016 ) and Yan Wu et al : SAGA : Stochastic Whole-Body Grasping with Contact . ( 2021 ) . It was also authored by Eivgeny Levinkov et al . Eivg Yowrbach et al ; On Self-Contact and Human Pose . (2021 ) and Siwei Zhang & Co-Referenced People . (2017 ) .
Gullal S. Cheema et al.: Check_square at CheckThat! 2020 Claim Detection in Social Media via Fusion of Transformer and Syntactic Features . ( 2021 ) was authored by Sherzod Hakimov , who is affiliated with the Leibniz Association for Science and Technology in Hanover , Germany . He is the author of the books : Kader Pustu-Iren et Al.: Visualizing Copyright-Protected Video Archive Content Through Similarity Search. (2021 ) , GullAL S.Cheema et Alto Check_Warrant for Analyzing Claims in Social media . ( 2016 ) and also the book `` Gullala S.C.W.Expedition: Multilingual Semantic Parsing for QEval '20 : On the Role of Images for Analyzed Claims in Sport Media.2021 '' and `` W.O.W . '' , both of which were authored by him . He was also authored by the latter .
Leif Bergerhoff and Joachim Weickert are the primary affiliation of Saarland University , Mathematical Image Analysis , Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of LeifBerhoff et al.: Stable Backward Diffusion and Repulsive Swarms with Convex Energies and Range Constraints . ( 2016 ) , which was authored by Leif Berhoff . He also is the co-author of the Leifcherhoff & Co. Algorithms for Piecewise Constant Signal Approximations . ( 2019 ) and Leifgerhoff & L.E.M. ( 2015 ) . The latter was also written in the same year .
The Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt in Germany is affiliated with the Wolfgang Göttert 0001 which authored the book `` Wolfgang Gottingen : Einsatz von Mikrorechnern beim UP-Schweissen . ''
The primary affiliation of Andre Pawlowski is Ruhr-Universität Bochum in Germany and he is the author of the following books : The authors of these books are : Alexander Petrovich et al.: VPS : excavating high-level C++ constructs from low-level binaries to protect dynamic dispatching . ( 2016 ) , the authors of which are : Robert Gawlik et al : Detile : Fine-Grained Information Leak Detection in Script Engines . (2020 ) and the associated with the authors : Alexander Molnowski ( 2015 ) and Sebastian Brenza et al . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . He was also the authored by Alexander Smolnowski and the author : Molnow ( 2016 .
Avikarsha Mandal is the primary affiliation of Hochschule Offenburg , Germany and is authored by Avikarha Mandal and Frederik Armknecht et al.: Privacy-Preserving Distributed Economic Dispatch Protocol for Smart Grid Systems . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Avikasha Mandal : On security and privacy of consensus-based protocols in blockchain and smart grid. (2020 ) . '' which was authored by the authors of both `` Lasse Nitz et al : Towards Privacy Preserving Consensus-Based Economic Dispatch in SmartGrid Systems. ( 2016 '' and `` '' . ( 2015 ) . The latter was also the book that was published in the same year . '' . The book was preceded by '' by `` '' , which was also written by `` Frederikandery : Overview and Outlook . (2015 '' .
Jan Finis is the primary affiliation of Technische Universität München , Germany . He authored Jan P Finis et al.: Order Indexes : supporting highly dynamic hierarchical data in relational main-memory database systems . ( 2016 ) and Jan P. Finis : Eine effiziente Indexstruktur für dynamische hierarchische Daten . ( 2013 ) . ( 2015 ) . He was authored by Robert Brunel and Jan F.Eng . in the same year . He is the author of Jan M.F.E . He has also authored Jan E.I .I .E . In the Hybrid OLTP & OLAP Main-Memory Database System HyPer . ( 2014 ) .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Swati Chandna 0001 which was authored by the following authors : The authors of the following books are : The following : The Library of Congress has been edited in the following order : The journal ISSN has been Authored by the authors : `` Harnass et al.: Quanticod revisited . Neue Ansätze zur quantitativen Analyse mittelalterlicher Handschriftenbestände . ( 2015 , `` Gegenstand "archäologischer" Forschung jenseits : '' The Poetings : '' , `` MittelAlto eCodicology - Livestructured : Chancen für die Zeitschrife et al*: Compilten im Projekt eCod . '' ( 2016 ) , '' '' and `` SwatiChrife tributalliche HandschRiften '' ( 2015 - 2016 . ( 2016 .
The primary affiliation of Champika Ranasinghe is the University of Twente , culty of Electrical Engineering , Mathematics , and Computer Science , Enschede , The Netherlands . The company is the author of the following books : The authorship of the books : `` Champika Manel Ranasingshe et al.: Visualizing Location Uncertainty on Mobile Devices : Assessing Users ' Perception and Preferences . ( 2016 ) , '' which was authored by E.R.I . A. C. M. Uduwaragoda et al . (2018 ) , `` Champiki EpaRanasinghe : Adapting navigation support to positional information of varying quality . '' , `` Cross-Cultural Differences in Perceptions and Preferences. ( 2018 ) , '18 , ' , ' ( 2016 , '1917 , ' and '08 , ' in-the-wild Studies . ( 2018 . (2019 , '17 , and '18 ) . The latter was also authored by the latter was written by the company ' , which was itself authored by him . in the same year . ( also known as `` C.I.W . ' . '' . ( which was also written in the year '17 ) . ' , was also the authored by '08 . , which is also the co-authored by the author : '08 and '09 . `` The latter is the sequel to '08-19 . `` , which itself was also preceded by '09-1912 . `` He was also co-authored by the same author . ' in the following order : `` X.R . I. A.C . M.U.W. ' . He . He 's also authored in the latter . ' which was written in '19 . He has also authored `` The following : '' : `` The authors : '' , '08 : `` '' : 'Champika Ranaserhe , '09 : '09 , '06 : `` He ' was also Authored by `` The Authorented by '' : '' ; `` The Information : Identifier : Location Information Quality : A.L.C.E . & 'W.I ' , '' '08 - '09 - '08 ; '08 ': '09 ' : `` E. R. I.A.C' : 'E.R' : `` C:I.E.L . ' : ' , `` X:R:Influenced : `` Evaluating User Experience under Location Information
Frank Weiß 0002 is the primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen University in Germany and was authored by Frank Wege zur Programmierung von Industrierobotern für bahnbezogene Handhabungsaufgaben . ( 1989 ) .
Sebastian Lapuschkin 's primary affiliation is the Fraunhofer Heinrich Hertz Institute in Berlin , Germany . He was authored by both Daniel Becking et al.: ECQ x : Explainability-Driven Quantization for Low-Bit and Sparse DNNs . (2020 ) and Maximilian Alber et al : iNNvestigate neural networks! ( 2018 ) . He also authored by Alexander Binder et al . He is the author of the books that were published in the same year . The latter was preceded by the book `` Wojciech Samek et Al.: Enforcement : Advised : A Novel Criterion for Deep Neural Networks and Beyond : A Review of Methods and Applications . ( 2021 ) .
Yan Zhang 0054 is affiliated with the ETH Zürich in Switzerland and was authored by both Marko Mihajlovic et al.: LEAP : Learning Articulated Occupancy of People and its applications for elderly people healthcare . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of `` Yan Zhang : Human Body Shape , Motion and Social Interactions from Head-Mounted Devices . ( 2021 ) and `` Siwei Zhang : An Empirical Study Towards Generating Person-Scene Interactions in 3D Scenes . (2020 ) . '' . '' and `` The SenseEmotion Database : A Multimodal Database for the Development and Systematic Validation of an Automatic Pain- and Emotion-Recognition System . '' , '' which was preceded by `` `` by `` Bypassed Devices '' . ( 2020 '' .
The University of Paderborn in Germany is the primary affiliation of Jian Cheng 0005 which authored the books Jian Cheng et al.: Graph Based Histogram Intersection for Efficient Location of Color Objects . ( 2000 ) and Jian Cheng : Color based object detection and positioning . ( 2003 ) .
The University of Trier in Germany is affiliated with the university of teller , Sergej Chludov who authored the book `` Entwicklung von Algorithmen und Programmen für ein Archivierungs- und Kommunikationssystem zur internetbasierten Verwaltung medizinischer Bilder . ''
Dhiraj Gulati is the primary affiliation of the fortiss GmbH in Munich , Germany and is the author of the following books : The following are the works : The D.Gulati et al.: Graph based cooperative localization using symmetric measurement equations and dedicated short range communication . (2017 ) , the Gruppo Gruppo L.P.E. ( 2016 ) , and the `` Feihu Zhang et al . Ltd . '' ( 2018 ) . The latter was preceded by the `` d.L.O.E . '' , the `` D.D.Eng.Eng . '' . ( 2016 . , and its associated with the `` Gruppo 's '' , which was authored by the Gruppe L.O . ( 2017 ) .
The University of Tübingen in Germany is the primary affiliation of Axel Müller 0002 which was authored by Axel Möller . He is the author of the book `` Axel Müller : Entwurfsmethodik und automatisierte Verteilung für Steuerungssoftware in der Automobilelektronik . ( 1999 ) . The book was authored in the same year and is the sequel to The book `` Axiom : Client/Server-Architecture for open-loop functions in the automotive electronics development . '' which was also authored in 1999 .
The primary affiliation of Nadine Steinmetz is Ilmenau University in Germany and she is the author of the following books : `` Jörg Waitelonis et al.: Use What You Have : Yovisto Video Search Engine Takes a Semantic Turn . ( 2014 ) , '' `` Nadine Weinmetz and Kai-Uwe Sattler : COALA - A Rule-Based Approach to Answer Type Prediction . ( 2016 ) . ( 2012 ) , `` '' and `` '' . The latter was authored by Christian Hentschel et al : Cross-Dataset Learning of Visual Concepts. ( 2012 '' . ( 2013 ) . '' . and `` Eternals : Condiments of Named Entity Recognition for User-Generated Tags. ( 2011 ) .
Martin Simons 0001 is the primary affiliation of Daimler AG in Böblingen , Germany and was authored by both Cornelia Heinisch and Mart Simons : A Calculational Approach to Flattening Nested Data Parallelism in Functional Languages . ( 1996 ) and Rolf Ernst et al.: The Logical Execution Time Paradigm : New Perspectives for Multicore Systems ( Dagstuhl Seminar 18092 ) . ( 1998 ) . The latter was preceded by the book `` The Management of formal proofs . ( 2003 ) .
The primary affiliation of Hendrik Wöhrle is the University of Bremen in Germany . He was authored by both Mario Michael Krell et al.: A Dataflow-based Mobile Brain Reading System on Chip with Supervised Online Calibration - For Usage without Acquisition of Training Data . ( 2013 ) and by Marc Tabie et al : An Adaptive Spatial Filter for User-Independent Single Trial Detection of Event-Related Potentials . ( 2014 ) . He is the author of both the books that were written in the same year . He also authored by the latter . He has been the co-author of the latter and the book that was published in the year 2014 . He authored by him . The latter was preceded by the book which was written in 2015 .
The primary affiliation of the university is the Philipps University of Marburg in Germany . The authors of the books are Christian Boß and Volker Roth : Trends und Perspektiven - Systementwickler . ( 1990 ) , which is authored by both the latter two . The book was also authored by the following : The authors are : The latter two are : the authors of both the books : The book `` Vater Roth : Datenverarbeitungsberufe im Wandel : industrie- und berufssoziologische Untersuchung zu Entwicklungstrends und -Perspektiv - Systemprogrammierer . (1990 ) and the book was written in the book is also written in der DatenVerwandel : The Grunde : The Torpedo Heitenversituation in den Dv-Berufen. ( 1990 , and the work '' , which was authored in the same year . ( 1993 ) , and also in the following order : DeWitten ( 1990 .
Alexander Schäfer et al.: Comparing Controller With the Hand Gestures Pinch and Grab for Picking Up and Placing Virtual Objects. ( 2022 ) and Jilliam María Díaz Barros & al.: Real-Time Head Pose Estimation by Tracking and Detection of Keypoints and Facial Landmarks. ( 2018 ) were authored by the Augmented Vision Group , German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence . They are the authors of the books that were published in the year 2021 . The latter was authored by Kripasindhu Sarkar et al . It is the authored by Didier Stricker . He was also the author of the book that was written in the same year . He has also authored in the following : The book `` Tewodros Habtegebrial et al. (2018 ) and the book which was also authored by Michael Fürst and al.: HPERL : 3D Human Pas Estimation from RGB and LiDAR . (2020 .
The primary affiliation of Petra Hofstedt is the Brandenburg University of Technology in Cottbus , Germany . They are the authors of the following books : Kroll et al.: Deklarative Modellierung und effiziente Optimierung - quo vadis? Ausgewählte Herausforderungen und Potenziale für die nächsten Jahre - zur Diskussion . ( 2014 ) , Koln & Florian Lorenzen : Constraint Functional Multicore Programming . ( 2009 ) and the PoCFL . (2009 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also authored by her . It was followed by the Koln and Koln . ( 2016 ) .
The primary affiliation of Tobias Jäkel is the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and he is the author of the following books : Tobias J.J.s : The Role-based Database Model and Architecture. ( 2014 ) , the authors : The role-based database Model for Role-Based Software Systems. ( 2016 ) , and the ECLC - a query language for dynamic data types . ( 2015 ) .
Olga Glanz , who is the primary affiliation of the University of Freiburg , Breiburg im Breisgau in Germany , is the author of the books Olga Galanz : Investigations of speech and other communication-relevant behaviors under non-experimental , real-world conditions using ECoG (2019 ) and Johanna Ruescher et al.: Somatotopic mapping of natural upper- and lower-extremity movements and speech production with high gamma electrocorticography . ( 2013 ) .
Alexander Schmid 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Luzern in Switzerland and authored the book : Der IT-Outsourcingvertrag im Schweizerischen Recht : Hauptleistungspflichten , Leistungsstörungen und Vertragsgestaltung . ( 2019 ) .
The primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Martin Simons 0002 , which was authored by Mark Simons . Abtasttest von Mikroprozessoren und MikroProzessorsystemen. ( 1983 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany is Rolf Zimmermann 0001 which authored the book RolfZimmermann : Ausgewählte Grundlagen für die rechnergestützte Technische Modellierung im Maschinenbau . ( 1987 ) .
The university of Zürich UZH , Communication Systems Group CSG , Department of Informatics IfI , Switzerland is the primary affiliation of Bruno Rodrigues 0001 . He is the author of the following works : The following : The Cooperative DDoS Signaling system ( BloSS : Cooperative Signaling of Distributed Denial-of-Service Attacks . (2020 ) was authored by the following : Eder J. Scheid et al.: Bifröst : a Modular Blockchain Interoperability API . (2019 ) and the co-authored by the Gruber Rodrigues and Burkhard Stiller : This is based on a Blockchain-based System . (2021 ) , The Information-Driven Analysis of Applicability . (2018 ) was preceded by the `` GruberJ.Stiller : A Blockchain-Based Cyber Insurance Approach for the Deployment and Management of a Contract Coverage . ( 2021 ) . ( 2018 ) .
The Technical University of Munich in Germany is the primary affiliation of Mai Bui 0001 which is authored by the following authors : The authors of the following books are : The following : The book was written in the following order : `` Haowen Deng et al.: 6D Camera Relocalization in Ambiguous Scenes via Continuous Multimodal Inference . (2020 ) , `` Mai Biu et al : Dealing with Uncertainty and Ambiguity in Pose Estimation . ( 2016 ) , '' `` '' , `` '' and `` '' . The book `` '' which was authored by '' in the same language '' , '' was also published in the year 's Enfanticipation in Ambambuity via Condivision . ( 2020 ) , '1916 '' , '1818 , '2021 ' , and 'Mai Bui et al . ( 2021 ) .
The Max Planck Institute for Informatics ( MPII ) is the primary affiliation of Franziska Mueller 0001 which was authored by Srinath Sridhar et al.: Real-time Joint Tracking of a Hand Manipulating an Object from RGB-D Input . ( 2016 ) and Jalees Nehvi et al : Differentiable Event Stream Simulator for Non-Rigid 3D Tracking. ( 2021 ) . ( 2018 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was also authored by Jiayi Wang , who is the author of the book that was also published in the same publication . The book was also written in the following order : `` Dushyant Mehta et al*: Single-Shot Multi-person 3D Pose Estimation from Monocular RGB. (2018 ) .
Alexander Marx is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He authored Alexander Marx et al.: EDISON-WMW : Exact Dynamic Programing Solution of the Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney Test . ( 2016 ) and Alexander Marx & Jilles Vreeken : Identifiability of Cause and Effect using Regularized Regression . (2019 ) . The latter was authored by Alexander Marx . Alexander Marx was the author of Alexander Marx 's book Alexander Marx and the Weaker Faithfulness Assumption based on Triple Interactions . (2021 ) . ( 2021 ) , the latter was the authored by the latter 's co-authored Alexander Marx in the same year . AlexanderMarx was the prequel to Alexander Marx : Information-Theoretic Causal Discovery based on triple interactions in 2021 .
Michael Witt 0001 is affiliated with the Free University of Berlin in Germany and authored by Jie Wu et al.: Extending XNAT towards a Cloud-based Quality Assessment Platform for Retinal Optical Coherence Tomographies . ( 2014 ) . He was also the author of `` Michael Witt : Generation of Secure Runtime Environments for Untrusted Applications Through Machine Code Analysis . ( 2021 ) , '' which was authored by Maryna Khvastova et al . ( 2015 ) .
The Technical University of Dortmund , Department of Computer Science , Germany is the primary affiliation of Ben Hermann 0001 which is authored by the authors of the following books : Jacob Halzinger et al.: Hardening Java 's Access Control by Abolishing Implicit Privilege Elevation . ( 2015 ) , M.E.I.C . ( 2021 ) , Maximilian Schubert et al . Static data-flow analysis for software product lines in C.2022 and M.O . (2022 ) . ( 2016 ) .
Authored by Jack Hessel et al.: Coherent Multi-Sentence Video Description with Variable Level of Detail ( 2014 ) , Anna Rohrbach is the primary affiliation of the University of California , Berkeley , CA , USA . She is the author of the books : `` Xiaojun Xu et al : Can you fool AI with adversarial examples on a visual Turing test? (2017 ) , '' `` The Abduction of Sherlock Holmes : A Dataset for Vision-and-Language Navigation . ( 2014 '' and `` `` `` . ( 2018 ) . '' . The latter was authored by Daniel Fried & al.: Speaker-Follower Models for Vision and Lening to the Evidence ( 1918 ) . (2018 ) and `` Addition to the Advised Bystanding Bystander : Unsupervised Pretraining with Region Priors for Object Detection . (2021 '' . ( 2021 ) .
Robert Niebuhr is the primary affiliation of Technische Universität Darmstadt in Germany and authored by him . He was the author of both the following works : : `` Pierre-Louis Cayrel et al.: Selecting Parameters for Secure McEliece-based Cryptosystems. ( 2011 ) , `` Robert Niesbuhrs : Attacking and defending codes over q and on the effect of partial knowledge . (2017 ) . '' . '' and `` `` `` The following : '' . The latter was preceded by `` Pierre M. Barreto et Al.: Quasi-Dyadic CFS Signatures . (2010 ) , '' which was authored by `` P.C. '' . ( 2011 . (2012 ) . ( 2012 ) .
Frank M. A. Klingert is the primary affiliation of Fulda University of Applied Science , Department of Applied Computer Science . He is the author of Frank M . A.Klingert and Matthias Meyer : Comparing Prediction Market Mechanisms Using An Experiment-Based and Micro Validated Multi-Agent Simulation . ( 2012 ) and the book Frank M M.A.M.Meyer : The study of what happens when an experiment-based and MicroValidated M.Ag .Simulation . ( 2018 ) .
The primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Germany is the School of Medicine of Sukanya Bhowmik which is authored by Vitor Pinheiro de Almeida et al.: DSCEP : An Infrastructure for Distributed Semantic Complex Event Processing . (2020 ) and Christian Mayer et al : HYPE : Massive Hypergraph Partitioning with Neighborhood Expansion . (2018 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the author , Jonathan Falk & al.: Dynamic QoS-Aware Traffic Planning for Time-Triggered Flows with Conflict Graphs . ( 2021 ) .
The University of Luxembourg , Luxembourg is the primary affiliation of Mouhammad Sakr , who authored the books : `` Swen Jacobs and MouhammadSowr : A Symbolic Algorithm for Lazy Synthesis of Eager Strategies . ( 2018 ) , 's authored by `` Paul C. Attie et al.: Model and Program Repair via SAT Solving . (2018 ) . '' and 'MouhammadSakr : `` '' ( 2019 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . It is the author of `` `` The authorship '' of `` Sowen Jacobs & MouhammadChere '' . ( 2021 ) . ' and 'Wangr : '' (2021 ) , which was the authorship of `` Gowren Jacobs and `` The author 's `` , which in turn was written in `` The Compromised Systems . (2020 '' .
Annika Wagner is the primary affiliation of the Fulda University of Applied Science , Department of Applied Computer Science . She was authored by both Reiko Heckel and Martin Gogolla in the following works : AnnikaWagner : On the Role of Method Families for Aspect-Oriented Programming . ( 1999 ) and the work that was written in the same year . The latter was also authored by Annika , who is the author of the works : The Galina Besova et al.: Entwicklungsprozess von Web-Anwendungen . ( 2003 ) , the latter was preceded by the work in the form of the same publication . In 1999 . Annika was also the authored by Karmarina Mehner and Annika/Annika Wagner : A formal object specification technique using rule-based transformation of partial algebras . ( 1996 . ( 1998 ) and in the year that Annika 's sequel to the publication of the book Annika . ( 2000 ) . This book was written by the same author . The book was also written in that same year and the latter by the author Annika also . In this book was the same book . The work was also co-authored by the latter . In addition to this was the work which was also used in the previous year 's complete information . This publication was also followed by the works of Annika ( 1999-2000 . In that year they were both authored by the following : The publication was Annika : The full-text of the publication was the `` germanqi-based Reliability Prediction of Service Compositions - a constructive approach . '' Annika is the authorship of both the following . The authors were Annika and Martin Groogolla and the Poet 's work : The following : `` Annika-Wagners : The Advidentity of Affirmative Behavior by Attributed Graph Transformations ' ( 1996-2000 ) . ( 2002-2003 ) . It was also preceded by `` Galina-Bengal : The Affirmation of the Conditions for the Synchronization of Java-Threads with UML . ( 2001-2002 ) and also the work of the authors : `` Gregoryor Engels et Al.: Reputation-basedReliability Prediction ' ( 2003-2004 ) . `` In this case ' was the co-authored by `` The authors : '' , Annika '' , `` In other works : `` In the same '' was `` The Gal
Michael J. Carey 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of California , Irvine , USA and was authored by both Chen Luo and Michael J Carey : Efficient Data Ingestion and Query Processing for LSM-based Storage Systems . (2019 ) and the authors of Mary Tork Roth et al.: The Garlic Project . ( 1996 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was also the author of the book `` Simultaneous Information Management in the AquaLogic Data Services Platform . ( 2016 ) .
Alexander Marx is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He authored Alexander Marx et al.: EDISON-WMW : Exact Dynamic Programing Solution of the Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney Test . ( 2016 ) and Alexander Marx & Jilles Vreeken : Identifiability of Cause and Effect using Regularized Regression . (2019 ) . The latter was authored by Alexander Marx . Alexander Marx was the author of Alexander Marx 's book Alexander Marx and the Weaker Faithfulness Assumption based on Triple Interactions . (2021 ) . ( 2021 ) , the latter was the authored by the latter 's co-authored Alexander Marx in the same year . AlexanderMarx was the prequel to Alexander Marx : Information-Theoretic Causal Discovery based on triple interactions in 2021 .
The primary affiliation of Kim Anh Nguyen 0001 is the University of Stuttgart , Institut für Maschinelle Sprachverarbeitung , Germany . He authored two Vietnamese Datasets for Evaluating Semantic Models of ( Dis )Similarity and Relatedness in a Pattern-based Neural Network in the year 2016 . The latter was authored by both Maximilian Köper et al.: Optimizing Visual Representations in Semantic Multi-modal Models with Dimensionality Reduction , Denoising and Contextual Information . ( 2016 . and the latter by the co-authored by the latter in the Year 2016 .
The primary affiliation of Champika Ranasinghe is the University of Twente , culty of Electrical Engineering , Mathematics , and Computer Science , Enschede , The Netherlands . The company is the author of the following books : The authorship of the books : `` Champika Manel Ranasingshe et al.: Visualizing Location Uncertainty on Mobile Devices : Assessing Users ' Perception and Preferences . ( 2016 ) , '' which was authored by E.R.I . A. C. M. Uduwaragoda et al . (2018 ) , `` Champiki EpaRanasinghe : Adapting navigation support to positional information of varying quality . '' , `` Cross-Cultural Differences in Perceptions and Preferences. ( 2018 ) , '18 , ' , ' ( 2016 , '1917 , ' and '08 , ' in-the-wild Studies . ( 2018 . (2019 , '17 , and '18 ) . The latter was also authored by the latter was written by the company ' , which was itself authored by him . in the same year . ( also known as `` C.I.W . ' . '' . ( which was also written in the year '17 ) . ' , was also the authored by '08 . , which is also the co-authored by the author : '08 and '09 . `` The latter is the sequel to '08-19 . `` , which itself was also preceded by '09-1912 . `` He was also co-authored by the same author . ' in the following order : `` X.R . I. A.C . M.U.W. ' . He . He 's also authored in the latter . ' which was written in '19 . He has also authored `` The following : '' : `` The authors : '' , '08 : `` '' : 'Champika Ranaserhe , '09 : '09 , '06 : `` He ' was also Authored by `` The Authorented by '' : '' ; `` The Information : Identifier : Location Information Quality : A.L.C.E . & 'W.I ' , '' '08 - '09 - '08 ; '08 ': '09 ' : `` E. R. I.A.C' : 'E.R' : `` C:I.E.L . ' : ' , `` X:R:Influenced : `` Evaluating User Experience under Location Information
Jens Lindemann 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Hamburg in Germany and is authored by both Jens Molnar et al.: Anonymity Online for Everyone : What Is Missing for Zero-Effort Privacy on the Internet . ( 2015 ) and Jens Lemann et al : Catching Inside Attackers : Balancing Forensic Detectability and Privacy of Employees . ( 2016 ) . The latter is the authored by the authors of Jens L.Eng . and the Ephraim Zimmer et al . which is the co-resident VMs via a memory-deduplication side-channel attack to detect App vendors and website owners honour their privacy rights in 2016 . (2015 .
The primary affiliation of Jin Liu 0001 is Heinrich-Hertz-Institut für Nachrichtentechnik GmbH in Berlin , Germany . It was authored by both Sheng-Wen Shih and Robert Skerjanc . The book `` Jin Liu et al.: Real-time Head Tracking in a Multimodal Interface with Changes in Geometry and Illumination . ( 2001 ) . '' and the book `` The novelties to 3-D gaze tracking using stereo cameras . ( 2004 ) . ( 1999 ) . It is the authored by the latter . '' . This book was also written by the former in the following : An Experimental Multimedia System Allowing 3D Visualization and Eye-Controlled Interaction Without User-Worn Devices. ( 1999 '' . ( 2000 ) .
The Hochschule Worms in Germany is the primary affiliation of Herbert Thielen who authored the books : The following : Klaus Gresser and Herbert Thalen : Transmitting Antenna with Cosecant-Shaped Vertical Pattern for the 12-GHz Television System . ( 1974 ) , and the book `` Horst F. Koch and Herbert . Mayer : Deadline scheduling in fault tolerant real time systems. (1992 ) '' .
Andreas Spitz is the primary affiliation of EPFL in Switzerland . He was the author of the following works : DeWitt et al.: Im-META : Influence Maximization Using Node Metadata in Networks With Unknown Topology ( 2021 ) , Erich Schubert & al.: Semantic Word Clouds with Background Corpus Normalization and t-distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding . (2017 ) . HeidelPlace : An Extensible Framework for Geoparsing. ( 2017 ) , ECLI : An Evaluation of Combination Modes for Word Embeddings . ( 2016 ) , Heidelplace : An ECLC . ( 2017 . ( 2015 ) , and ELLIATED Texts. ( 2016 .
The University of Tübingen in Germany is the primary affiliation of Axel Müller 0002 which was authored by Axel Möller . He is the author of the book `` Axel Müller : Entwurfsmethodik und automatisierte Verteilung für Steuerungssoftware in der Automobilelektronik . ( 1999 ) . The book was authored in the same year and is the sequel to The book `` Axiom : Client/Server-Architecture for open-loop functions in the automotive electronics development . '' which was also authored in 1999 .
The primary affiliation of Max Hoffmann 0001 is Ruhr-University Bochum in Germany and it was authored by Gunnar Hartung et al.: BBA+ : Improving the Security and Applicability of Privacy-Preserving Point Collection . (2017 ) . It is also the author of Sebastian Wallat et al : New Techniques for Structural Batch Verification in Bilinear Groups with Applications to Groth-Sahai Proofs . (2019 ) . The latter was preceded by the first extendable gate-level netlist reverse engineering framework in the same year . It was also the authored by GmbH . This was followed by the publication of the work of Johann Hartung and the authors : Johann Efficient Zero-Knowledge Arguments in the Discrete Log Setting , Revisited . ( 2019 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Medical Science University , Jaipur , India is Pradheep Manisekaran : Image Encryption by Using ACGLML. ( 2021 ) .
The University of Hamburg , Germany is the primary affiliation of Stefan Bietz who authored the books : Therese Inhester et al.: Index-Based Searching of Interaction Patterns in Large Collections of Protein-Ligand Interfaces . ( 2016 ) , The authors : Kai Sommer & Matthias Rarey : Discriminative Chemical Patterns : Automatic and Interactive Design . ( 2015 ) and the authors : Ligand-based virtual screening . ( 2017 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the book `` Bella Motta mRAISE '' . It is the work of the latter 's co-authored by the authors . It was also authored by The Information Systems : A Powerful and Easy-to-Use Compound Library Converter . (2016 ) .
Georgia Albuquerque is the primary affiliation of TU Braunschweig , Computer Graphics Lab , Germany and is the author of Georgia Priscylla Cesar de Albuquerque Richers : Visual analysis of high-dimensional spaces . ( 2014 ) and Georgia Albuquerque et al.: A Nested Hierarchy of Localized Scatterplots . ( 2011 ) . The latter was authored by Georgia Albuquerque and the latter was also authored by Timo Stich et al : View and Time Interpolation in Image Space . ( 2008 .
Fei Zhang 0005 is the primary affiliation of the Gessellschaft für wissenschaftliche Datenverarbeitung mbH Göttingen , Germany and was authored by Fei Zhang et al.: CBase : A New Paradigm for Fast Virtual Machine Migration across Data Centers Based on Three-Layer Image Structure . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the Fei Zhang & al.: CRase : The Management of Virtual Machines in the Cloud Computing Environments . ( 2018 ) . The latter was preceded by the previous one , which was written by the latter in the same year . The previous one was written in the form of the same entity . ( 2017 ) . This was followed by the new data center structure . (2019 ) and the latter was also authored by the division of the 3-layer Image structure .
Alan Akbik is the primary affiliation of the Humboldt University of Berlin , Department of Computer Science , Germany . He is the author of the following books : Alan Akbulik et al.: Automatic Preservation Watch using Information Extraction on the Web. ( 2013 ) , Leonidas Lefakis and Roland Vollgraf : The Projector : An Interactive Annotation Projection Visualization Tool. (2017 ) . ( 2021 ) . He was also the authored by the latter . He has also authored by Lettcher : A Multi-modal Corpus of Fashion Images and Descriptions in German . ( 2016 ) and the Weltmodell : A Data-Driven Commonsense Knowledge Base . (2021 ) , the latter being the authors of the latter publication . ( 2018 .
Irfan Simsek and Erwin P. Rathgeb : Zero-Knowledge and Identity-Based Locator/Identifier Split. ( 2016 ) are the primary authors of Irfrisk and Vedat Topuz : Data Processing on Database Management Systems with Fuzzy Query . ( 2010 ) . The latter was authored by Irfan , who is affiliated with the University of Duisburg-Essen in Germany .
Nadeschda Nikitina is the primary affiliation of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany and is the author of the following books : `` Nadejda Nikitsina et al.: Reasoning-Supported Interactive Revision of Knowledge Bases . ( 2011 ) , `` NadeshchdaNikitina and SvenSchewe : The newsEvents Ontology - An Ontology for Describing Business Events . ( 2009 ) , '' which was authored by both NadesChda Nikitaina and Lösch . ( 2012 ) . '' , `` '' . The latter was written in the same language . '' . It was authored in the following order : '' : '' , 'Echo : Forgetting in General EL Terminologies . (2009 ) , '2012 ' , ' and 'Nadeschta Nikiteria : Succinctness in EL ' ( 2013 ) . ( 2013 .
Manuel Huber 0001 is affiliated with the Fraunhofer Institute for Applied and Integrated Security ( AISEC , Garching , Germany ) and is authored by both the authors : Mathias Morbitzer et al.: SEVered : Transparent Main Memory Encryption Using a Minimal ARM Hypervisor . ( 2015 ) and Benjamin Taubmann et al : A Lightweight Framework for Cold Boot Based Forensics on Mobile Devices . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the authors , both of which are in the same order . It was also in the following order : The cost of OSCORE and EDHOC for Constrained Devices. ( 2016 .
Jan Finis is the primary affiliation of Technische Universität München , Germany . He authored Jan P Finis et al.: Order Indexes : supporting highly dynamic hierarchical data in relational main-memory database systems . ( 2016 ) and Jan P. Finis : Eine effiziente Indexstruktur für dynamische hierarchische Daten . ( 2013 ) . ( 2015 ) . He was authored by Robert Brunel and Jan F.Eng . in the same year . He is the author of Jan M.F.E . He has also authored Jan E.I .I .E . In the Hybrid OLTP & OLAP Main-Memory Database System HyPer . ( 2014 ) .
Yan Zhang 0054 is affiliated with the ETH Zürich in Switzerland and was authored by both Marko Mihajlovic et al.: LEAP : Learning Articulated Occupancy of People and its applications for elderly people healthcare . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of `` Yan Zhang : Human Body Shape , Motion and Social Interactions from Head-Mounted Devices . ( 2021 ) and `` Siwei Zhang : An Empirical Study Towards Generating Person-Scene Interactions in 3D Scenes . (2020 ) . '' . '' and `` The SenseEmotion Database : A Multimodal Database for the Development and Systematic Validation of an Automatic Pain- and Emotion-Recognition System . '' , '' which was preceded by `` `` by `` Bypassed Devices '' . ( 2020 '' .
Michael Schmitz 0003 is the primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the book Entwurf einer Bilddatenbank als Teil eines zahnmedizinischen Abteilungsinformationssystems . ( 1997 ) .
The primary affiliation of Oldenbourg Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is Michael Müller 0006 which was authored by Michael M.M.E . in 1986 . The university is also the primary affiliation for the University of Gottingen .
The Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt in Germany is affiliated with the Wolfgang Göttert 0001 which authored the book `` Wolfgang Gottingen : Einsatz von Mikrorechnern beim UP-Schweissen . ''
The primary affiliation of the HPI , University of Potsdam in Germany is the company of Stefan Neumann 0002 which was authored by Thomas Vogel et al.: Modular timing analysis of component-based real-time embedded systems. ( 2009 ) and Andreas Seibel et al : Dynamic hierarchical mega models : comprehensive traceability and its efficient maintenance . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter .
The primary affiliation of Petra Hofstedt is the Brandenburg University of Technology in Cottbus , Germany . They are the authors of the following books : Kroll et al.: Deklarative Modellierung und effiziente Optimierung - quo vadis? Ausgewählte Herausforderungen und Potenziale für die nächsten Jahre - zur Diskussion . ( 2014 ) , Koln & Florian Lorenzen : Constraint Functional Multicore Programming . ( 2009 ) and the PoCFL . (2009 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also authored by her . It was followed by the Koln and Koln . ( 2016 ) .
The Max Planck Institute for Informatics , Saarbrücken , Germany is the primary affiliation of Yang He 0005 . The authors of the books are : Yang He et al.: CosSGD : Nonlinear Quantization for Communication-efficient Federated Learning. (2020 ) and `` Yang He : Synthetic Convolutional Features for Improved Semantic Segmentation. ( 2021 ) , which was authored by `` Anurag Das & al.: (SP)2Net for Generalized Zero-Label Semantic segmentation . (2021 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored by the latter was written in the same language . It was authored in the following order : `` Y & L : Decemeres for Competing DeSensing Deepfakes via Re-Synthesis . (2019 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Dresden is the company of Björn Döbel which is the author of the following books : The authors : Aaron Pohle et al.: Capability wrangling made easy : debugging on a microkernel with valgrind . ( 2012 ) , the authors : BHärtig : Can we put concurrency back into redundant multithreading? ( 2014 ) , and the carriers : Operating System Support for Redundant Multithreading . (2014 ) . ( 2014 .
René Weller is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Faculty of Mathematics , Computer Science . He authored J. Cepok et al.: Kinaptic - Techniques and insights for creating competitive accessible 3D games for sighted and visually impaired users in the year 2016 . He was authored by Gabor Scharf and Rene Hartel . He is also the author of J.Cepok & al.: Identifier : A Reactive Multithreaded Pipeline Library for 3D Telepresence in VR . ( 2016 ) . He and Gabriel Zachmann : The latter was also the authored by Jörn Teuber et al . That publication was preceded by the work that was followed by the book J.D.L.I . That book was also written in the entity-component-system pattern for realtime interactive systems. ( 2016 .
Joachim Clemens is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Cognitive Neuroinformatics in Germany . He was authored by Thomas Reineking and Joachimo Clemens : Emidential FastSLAM for grid mapping. ( 2013 ) and the Andreas Grimmer et al.: Formal methods for reasoning and uncertainty reduction in evidential grid maps. ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored in the same year . He is also the author of the book `` JoachIM Clemens and Kerstin Schill : Extended Kalman filter with the manifold state representation for navigating a maneuverable melting probe . (2017 ) . It was preceded by the book 's ( 2018 ) .
Jil Klünder 's primary affiliation is Leibniz University Hannover , Germany and he is the author of the following books : Nils Prenner et al.: Defining Frames to Structure Agile Development in Hybrid Settings - A Multi-Case Interview Study. ( 2022 ) , Marc Herrmann and Jilklünder : From Textual to Verbal Communication : Towards Applying Sentiment Analysis to a Software Project Meeting - A Case Study . ( 2021 ) - A Systematic Literature Review . (2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . This publication was preceded by the book by the authors : These are the authors . (2018 ) . It was also authored in the following year . The authors were also the authors of this publication . Jil Karras et al . Linking Use Cases and Associated Requirements - A Software project Meeting .
Thomas König : Computerunterstützte Peakidentifizierung in der HPLC mit Diodenarray-Detektoren is authored by Giovanno Marcelo Cárdenas and is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . The University is affiliated with Yana Momchilova Mileva and Sergio Roa .
The primary affiliation of Rainer Knauf is TU Ilmenau , Department of Computer Science and Automatation , Germany . He authored the books : `` Kita Arai et al.: A Part-of-Speech Based Sentiment Classification Method Considering Subject-Predicate Relation. ( 2015 ) , '' '' '' , `` '' , '' `` TU Hilmenau et al : TU Authored : 'Takashi Kawabe & al.: Advident : Compulsion : Advised : Personalizing Learning Processes by Data Mining. ( 2009 ) , ' , ' and ' '' , ' which was authored by 'Toward Making Didactics a Subject of Knowledge Engineering. ( 2007 and '2009 ' . ( 2009 . ' , and ' ' in ' , both were authored by the authors : The latter was followed by ' , `` Shuqiyoshi Kubota et al . (2010 , ' respectively . and ' in the latter was ' , respectively . in the same year . ' . He was also the author of ' , which was preceded by ' by ' ' , the latter by ' Shuqiaziko Kubota & ' , in which was also written in the following order : ' . The latter is also the work of ' by `` The authors : ' , '' which was the authors of which , was also in the works of ' : `` Tomitaka Sakurai et alitta : Proposal and Evaluation of a Reliable Multimedia Utilization Method for Reliable Web Based Collaboration ' ( 2009 and '09 respectively . ' which is the sequel to 'Youssef & 'Engines : '' . He 's also authored ' : ' : '' , which is based on 'TU Hilmanau ' . This was the prequel to 'Tubota ' , Shuqisho Kubota and 'was ' , Kowalto : A Search Method That Can Dynamically Learn User 's Subjective Feeling . (2009 ) and '08 . He also wrote 'YOSHitaka ' , whose authorship is 'Tudashi Kawabete & 'Li : A ' , that can be traced to ': ' , while 'was the author 'tood : ' and also 'TOSHITaka ' et al: 'Echo : ' that was 'toward : `` Tuhashi ' . It was also followed by the 'Tashi ' & 'Tohashi ' etAl.: A Search
Madlen Wuttke : Proaktive Agenten im Lernkontext : Die Auswirkungen neuer Inputkanäle in der lernstoffvermittelnden Mensch-Computer-Interaktion . ( 2014 ) was authored by Madlen Meeller-Wuttke and Michael Heidt . The latter is the author of the books : Madlen wuttke et al.: Proactive Functions of a Pedagogical Agent - Steps for Implementing a Social Catalyst Function . ( 2016 ) and the book : The Outlook for the Validation of a Natural User Interface . ( 2017 ) . The book was also authored by the latter . They are the authors of the book that was authored in the same year . The authors are Andreas Bischof et al.? Interdisziplinäre Impulse für den Begriff `` Interaktion '' ( 2014 .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Matthias Nagel 0001 which is authored by Gunnar Hartung et al.: BBA+ : Improving the Security and Applicability of Privacy-Preserving Point Collection . (2017 ) and by Brandon Broadnax et al : P6V2G : a privacy-preserving V2G scheme for two-way payments and reputation . ( 2018 ) . The latter was authored by the latter 's co-authored by the authors , Brandon Dowsley & al.: A survey on design and implementation of protected searchable data in the cloud . (2018 ) .
Thomas Thüm is the primary affiliation of TU Braunschweig , Institute of Software Engineering and Automotive Informatics , Germany . He authored Hagen Schink et al.: A Study on Tool Support for Refactoring in Database Applications. ( 2016 ) and the authors of the following : Alexander Knüppel et al : Skill-Based Verification of Cyber-Physical Systems. ( 2018 ) , Thomas Thulm et al . ( 2016 . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by Thomas Thuhm . He was also the author of the book `` Reiner Jung et al ; Addressed Challenges . (2019 ) . ( 2015 ) . He also authored the book 's `` Sven Apel & al.: Feature-interaction detection based on feature-based specifications . ( 2013 ) and 'Sloia Ananieva et al.; Implicit constraints in partial feature models . (2013 ) .
Rudolf Mester is the primary affiliation of Goethe University in Frankfurt am Main , Germany . He was authored by Håkon Hukkelås et al.: Realistic Full-Body Anonymization with Surface-Guided GANs . ( 2011 ) and he is the author of the following works : Jan Fabian Schmid et al : Model-Based Parameter Optimization for Ground Texture Based Localization Methods. ( 2021 ) and Henry Bradler et Al.: Urban Traffic Surveillance ( UTS : A fully probabilistic 3D tracking approach based on 2D detections. (2021 ) , which was preceded by the work by the Karl Mester : Wiener crosses borders : interpolation based on second order models . (2011 ) . (2010 ) and the work of Alvaro Guevara and RudolfMester , who authored by the author , who was in the same year . (1921 ) .
The primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Martin Simons 0002 , which was authored by Mark Simons . Abtasttest von Mikroprozessoren und MikroProzessorsystemen. ( 1983 ) .
Andreas F. Koschan is the primary affiliation of the University of Tennessee , Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science . He was authored by both Heterogeneous Fusion of Omnidirectional and PTZ Cameras for Multiple Object Tracking ( 2008 ) and by the authors of both the books `` Gigi Yamel Bouchech et al.: Studies on the Effectiveness of Multispectral Images for Face Recognition : Comparative Studies and New Approaches . ( 2005 ) . '' He was also authored by `` Chung-Hao Chen et Al.: Estimating Illumination Chromaticity via Kernel Regression . '' . ( 2006 ) . ( 2008 . '' and `` Reinhard Klette et al.-Rasmal and CTZChere Information aus digitalen Bildern . '' ( 1996 ) .
The University of Heidelberg in Germany is the primary affiliation of Markus Wolf 0002 which authored the book Lutz Bornmann et al.: Closed versus open reviewing of journal manuscripts : how far do comments differ in language use? ( 2012 ) . It is also the author of the book , Markus Wolf : E-Mail in der Psychotherapie : Entwicklung und Evaluation eines E- Mail-basierten Nachsorgeprogramms für die stationäre Psychotherapanie . ( 2014 ) .
Ahmed Hamdi 's primary affiliation is the University of La Rochelle , France and he is the author of the following books : Ahmed Hamd et al.: A Multilingual Dataset for Named Entity Recognition , Entity Linking and Stance Detection in Historical Newspapers . ( 2021 ) , Ahmed H.H.E . 's ( 2015 ) and 'E.L.C . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by him . It was also the authored by the latter 's co-authored by Ahmad Hamdi , which was also in the following : The latter is also the work . Ahmed Hamden et al. ( 2015 was also authored by Ahmed Hamda et al . It is the latter was the editor of the publication 's information-tagging of Tunisian Dialect Using Standard Arabic Resources and Tools . ( 2015 . and the latter is the work was also edited by the editor . It 's also the co-authored by the Gujarat Hamdi and the E.L . He was the author . The author of which was the ECLI . (2015 was the `` Information Extraction from Invoices . (2021 ) and was in the same publication was the Authored by the author 's Co-correction for 'TENIENIest Arabic Resources & Tools ( 2015-2021 . This publication was also preceded by the `` In addition to the `` AhmedHamdi et al., '' which was in turn authored by 'ECLI : '' . The ECLC ' was the authorship of `` Ahmed M.H .E . He has also authored : '' and 'ICLI ' and `` In this case ' was Ahmed Hamdem et al : '' which is the `` Authored By '' . This was the latter being the author : `` Ahmed HamDi : `` An Analysis of the Performance of Named Entity Identifier Recognition : Addités nommérisation dans la reconnaissance d'entités Nommées pour les documents historiques . (2020 -2021 -1921 .
Gullal S. Cheema et al.: Check_square at CheckThat! 2020 Claim Detection in Social Media via Fusion of Transformer and Syntactic Features . ( 2021 ) was authored by Sherzod Hakimov , who is affiliated with the Leibniz Association for Science and Technology in Hanover , Germany . He is the author of the books : Kader Pustu-Iren et Al.: Visualizing Copyright-Protected Video Archive Content Through Similarity Search. (2021 ) , GullAL S.Cheema et Alto Check_Warrant for Analyzing Claims in Social media . ( 2016 ) and also the book `` Gullala S.C.W.Expedition: Multilingual Semantic Parsing for QEval '20 : On the Role of Images for Analyzed Claims in Sport Media.2021 '' and `` W.O.W . '' , both of which were authored by him . He was also authored by the latter .
Michael Friedrich 0001 is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany . He authored Michael Friedrich : Sprachmittel und Werkzeuge zur Unterstützung paralleler und verteilter Programmierung . ( 1992 ) and Andreas Weininger et al.: ParSim : A Tool for the Analysis of Parallel and Distributed Programs . ( 1990 ) .
The primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Germany is Christoph Günther 0003 , which authored the book `` Christophgaunther : Programmierung eines Auswertungsmoduls für die dBase-Datenbank NOTA in der Programmiersprache C. ( 1997 ) '' .
Alexander Roth 0004 is affiliated with the RWTH Aachen in Germany and is authored by both Alexander Roth Kautz et al.: Achievements , Failures , and the Future of Model-Based Software Engineering . ( 2016 ) and Pedram Mir Seyed Nazari et al : An Extended Symbol Table Infrastructure to Manage the Composition of Output-Specific Generator Information . 2016 . The latter was authored by Andreas Ganser et al ; Staged model evolution and proactive quality guidance for model libraries . 2016 and the latter by Katrin Hölldobler & al.: Advances in Model-based Software Engineering. ( 2016 .
Uwe Schwiegelshohn is the primary affiliation of Technical University Dortmund , Germany and was authored by Jochen Krallmann et al.: Smart SMART Bounds for Weighted Response Time Scheduling . ( 1998 ) and the authorship of the books Carsten Franke & al.: Greedy Scheduling with Complex Obejectives . ( 2007 ) . The latter book was also authored by Uwe Wegelshohn , who in turn was the author of the book `` The Vegetables : Grids als neue Komponenten des Integrierten Informationsmanagements . ( 2009 ) . ( 2008 ) . UweWigelshohn . ( 2006 ) .
The Dresden University of Technology in Germany is affiliated with both Christian Hütter 0003 and Rolf Zimmermann 0001 . The school is the primary affiliation of both the latter two . The university is also the location of the doctoral student Ulrich Hofmann , who authored the book , `` Theorie der Flusssteuerung in Rechnernetzen '' .
Regina Fischer and Marlies Rogalski : Datenbankgestütztes Kosten- und Erlöscontrolling : Konzept und Realisierung einer entscheidungsorienerten Erfolgsrechnung ; 2. überarbeitete Auflage . ( 1995 ) is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Germany , where Benjamin Tannert and Hendrik Wöhrle are both leaders . It is also the location of the university where Regina Fischer 0001 is the current Dean .
Michael Kamp is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of Michael Kamp et al.: Beating Human Analysts in Nowcasting Corporate Earnings by Using Publicly Available Stock Price and Correlation Features . ( 2014 ) , He authored Meirui Jiang et al : TsmoBN : Interventional Generalization for Unseen Clients in Federated Learning . ( 2021 ) and was authored by Michael Kamp . ( 2016 ) . He has also authored by the authors : Efficient Decentralized Deep Learning by Dynamic Model Averaging . ( 2018 ) and the co-authored by both the latter . ( 2013 . He was also the authors of the latter publication .
Uwe Müller 0002 is the primary affiliation of Technische Hochschule Leipzig , Germany and was authored by Uwe Mäller . It is the author of the book Entwicklungsumgebung für Experimentier-Teachware am Beispiel der Elektrotechnik . ( 1991 ) .
The primary affiliation of Tobias Jäkel is the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and he is the author of the following books : Tobias J.J.s : The Role-based Database Model and Architecture. ( 2014 ) , the authors : The role-based database Model for Role-Based Software Systems. ( 2016 ) , and the ECLC - a query language for dynamic data types . ( 2015 ) .
Johannes Sebastian Mueller-Roemer is the primary affiliation of TU Darmstadt , Germany . He authored Daniel Weber et al.: A p-multigrid Algorithm using Cubic Finite Elements for Sparse Matrices with Compound Entries on GPUs . ( 2021 ) and Daniel M.M.R . ( 2014 ) . He was also the author of Daniel Ströter et al : Collateral Tetrahedral Mesh Editor with Immediate Simulations Into Web-based Compromated Computational Fluid Dynamics . (2020 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also the authored by the co-authored by the Deformation simulation using cubic finite elements and efficient Deformation Simulation . ( 2015 ) .
The primary affiliation of the HPI , University of Potsdam in Germany is the company of Stefan Neumann 0002 which was authored by Thomas Vogel et al.: Modular timing analysis of component-based real-time embedded systems. ( 2009 ) and Andreas Seibel et al : Dynamic hierarchical mega models : comprehensive traceability and its efficient maintenance . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter .
Manuel Huber 0001 is affiliated with the Fraunhofer Institute for Applied and Integrated Security ( AISEC , Garching , Germany ) and is authored by both the authors : Mathias Morbitzer et al.: SEVered : Transparent Main Memory Encryption Using a Minimal ARM Hypervisor . ( 2015 ) and Benjamin Taubmann et al : A Lightweight Framework for Cold Boot Based Forensics on Mobile Devices . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the authors , both of which are in the same order . It was also in the following order : The cost of OSCORE and EDHOC for Constrained Devices. ( 2016 .
Authored by Jack Hessel et al.: Coherent Multi-Sentence Video Description with Variable Level of Detail ( 2014 ) , Anna Rohrbach is the primary affiliation of the University of California , Berkeley , CA , USA . She is the author of the books : `` Xiaojun Xu et al : Can you fool AI with adversarial examples on a visual Turing test? (2017 ) , '' `` The Abduction of Sherlock Holmes : A Dataset for Vision-and-Language Navigation . ( 2014 '' and `` `` `` . ( 2018 ) . '' . The latter was authored by Daniel Fried & al.: Speaker-Follower Models for Vision and Lening to the Evidence ( 1918 ) . (2018 ) and `` Addition to the Advised Bystanding Bystander : Unsupervised Pretraining with Region Priors for Object Detection . (2021 '' . ( 2021 ) .
Yan Zhang 0054 is affiliated with the ETH Zürich in Switzerland and was authored by both Marko Mihajlovic et al.: LEAP : Learning Articulated Occupancy of People and its applications for elderly people healthcare . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of `` Yan Zhang : Human Body Shape , Motion and Social Interactions from Head-Mounted Devices . ( 2021 ) and `` Siwei Zhang : An Empirical Study Towards Generating Person-Scene Interactions in 3D Scenes . (2020 ) . '' . '' and `` The SenseEmotion Database : A Multimodal Database for the Development and Systematic Validation of an Automatic Pain- and Emotion-Recognition System . '' , '' which was preceded by `` `` by `` Bypassed Devices '' . ( 2020 '' .
Birte Richter is the primary affiliation of Birtefeld University in Germany and was authored by Birte Carlmeyer et al.: The Attention-Hesitation Model , A Non-Intrusive Intervention Strategy for Incremental Smart Home Dialogue Management . ( 2021 ) and Isabel Klemme et al : How to Address Smart Homes with a Social Robot? A Multi-Directional and Agile Academic Knowledge Transfer Strategy for Healthcare Technology . ( 2016 ) . Birte Heckter was the author of both the books . The latter was written in the same year and the latter was authored in the following order : The Hesitating Robot - Implementation and First Impressions . (2017 . ( 2018 ) and the previous one was in addition to the Information Presentation in an Object Fetching Task . ( 2017 ) .
Christian Stangier is the primary affiliation of the Mentor Graphics company and is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : Christoph Meinel and ChristianStangier : Modular Partitioning and Dynamic Conjunction Scheduling in Image Computation. ( 2001 ) , the authors of `` ChristophMeinel & Christian Stangerier : Applying Formal Verification with Protocol Compiler . '' ( 1999 ) , `` '' ( 2003 ) , '' and `` The authors : A new partitioning scheme for improvement of image computation by accelerating dynamic variable reordering . ( 2000 ) . ( 2001 . ( 2002 ) . The latter is also authored by Christian Sthangier and Ulrich Holtmann , '' which was authored by `` Christian St.Mentor Graphics '' . ( 1999 .
Hannes Klarner is the primary affiliation of the Free University of Berlin in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : Hannesklarner et al.: Erratum to: Computing maximal and minimal trap spaces of Boolean networks. ( 2014 ) , Hannes Kolnarner & al.: Euler to : Computing Symbolic Steady States of Boolean Networks. ( 2016 ) and Hilen Thobe et al.Models for asynchronous logical networks . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by the book `` H.L.W.S.W . ( 2018 ) and the latter was written in the same year . ( 2014 .
The Humboldt-Universität Zu Berlin in Germany is the primary affiliation of Stefan Sprenger 0001 which is authored by the authors of the following works : The following are the main-memory index structure for Multidimensional Range Queries on Modern Hardware . ( 2018 ) and the authored by The authors of both the following : The authors are : The Stenger et al.: Cache-Sensitive Skip List : Efficient Range Query on Modern CPUs . (2018 ) , and the Stehanger & al.: BB-Tree : A Main-Memory Index structure for multidimensional range queries on modern hardware . (2019 ) . The latter was also published in the same publication in the year and the previous one was also written by the latter was in the Year 2016 and the sequel to the publication in December 2016 .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Matthias Nagel 0001 which is authored by Gunnar Hartung et al.: BBA+ : Improving the Security and Applicability of Privacy-Preserving Point Collection . (2017 ) and by Brandon Broadnax et al : P6V2G : a privacy-preserving V2G scheme for two-way payments and reputation . ( 2018 ) . The latter was authored by the latter 's co-authored by the authors , Brandon Dowsley & al.: A survey on design and implementation of protected searchable data in the cloud . (2018 ) .
Michael May and Thomas Schiekofer : An Abstract Data Type for Parallel Simulations Based on Sparse Grids Using Process Arrays . ( 1996 ) was authored by Michael May . Michael May is the primary affiliation of the Technical University in Germany , which is affiliated with Michael Schneider 0010 and Michael Mauderer 0002 . The book was authored in the following order : Michael May : Sammlung und Nutzung freier Ressourcen in Weitverkehrsnetzen . ( 2000 .
Mark Minas is the primary affiliation of the Bundeswehr University in Munich , Germany . He was authored by Frank Drewes et al.: Approximating Parikh Images for Generating Deterministic Graph Parsers and their languages . ( 2009 ) . He is also the author of Steffen Mazanek et al : Investigating Uni-stroke gesture input for diagram editors on large wall-mounted touchscreens . ( 2017 ) and also Frank Doodes & al.: Pozifikation von Diagrammeditoren mit automatischer Layoutanpassung . ( 1993 ) . ( 2003 ) and Frank Drewesh et al!: Approximation von Diagonal Modalities as a Showcase for Syntax-Based Assistance in Diagram Editors . ( 2005 ) and its languages. ( 2009 . ( 2016 ) .
The University of Hamburg , Germany is the primary affiliation of Stefan Bietz who authored the books : Therese Inhester et al.: Index-Based Searching of Interaction Patterns in Large Collections of Protein-Ligand Interfaces . ( 2016 ) , The authors : Kai Sommer & Matthias Rarey : Discriminative Chemical Patterns : Automatic and Interactive Design . ( 2015 ) and the authors : Ligand-based virtual screening . ( 2017 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the book `` Bella Motta mRAISE '' . It is the work of the latter 's co-authored by the authors . It was also authored by The Information Systems : A Powerful and Easy-to-Use Compound Library Converter . (2016 ) .
Michael Witt 0001 is affiliated with the Free University of Berlin in Germany and authored by Jie Wu et al.: Extending XNAT towards a Cloud-based Quality Assessment Platform for Retinal Optical Coherence Tomographies . ( 2014 ) . He was also the author of `` Michael Witt : Generation of Secure Runtime Environments for Untrusted Applications Through Machine Code Analysis . ( 2021 ) , '' which was authored by Maryna Khvastova et al . ( 2015 ) .
The German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence , DFKI , Kaiserslautern , Germany is the primary affiliation of Jason Rambach . He was authored by Yaxu Xie et al.: PlaneSegNet : Fast and Robust Plane Estimation Using a Single-stage Instance Segmentation CNN. ( 2021 ) and also by Yongzhi Su et al : SynPo-Net - Accurate and Fast CNN-Based 6DoF Object Pose Estimation using Synthetic Training . (2021 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . He is the author of the book which was published in the same year . The book was written in the previous year . It was preceded by the book `` XaxuXI : A6DoF object pose estimation dataset and benchmark for multi-state assembly objects . ( 2022 ) . It has been authored in the past .
Martin Suda 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Czech Technical University in Prague , Czech Republic . It was authored by Bernhard Gleiss and Martin Olaf Beyersdorff et al.: Lifting QBF Resolution Calculi to DQBF . ( 2014 ) . It is also authored by both Christoph Weidenbach & al.: SPASS Version 3.5 . ( 2009 ) .
The German Climate Computing Center ( DKRZ ) , Hamburg , Germany is the primary affiliation of Hashim Iqbal Chunpir and Thomas Ludwig . They are the authors of the following books : The authors of both the books are : The following : The book was authored by the latter in the following order : `` The authors are : `` Hashim Ismailzadeh : Comparison of Information Technology Service Management (ITSM) Practices in e-Infrastructures , Libraries , Public Administration and the Private Sector . ( 2018 ) , '' which was preceded by `` The Governance Structure of End-User Support in the Turkish Context . ( 2014 '' , `` The Information : '' , '' `` The Reference : '' : `` ItSM) : An Empirical Evidence of Barriers in a Big Data Infrastructure . ( 2015 '' , 'Was Ali Sahito et al.: Significance Of Barriers , L.P . ( 2016 ) , ' ( 2014 ) and '
The Heidelberg University in Germany is the primary affiliation of Petra Knaup-Gregori who authored the works of Andriana Ognjanovic et al.: The Stratified Framework for Enhancing and Updating Study Programs in Public Health and Medical Informatics Fields in Montenegro . ( 2008 ) . The latter was authored by Angela Merzweiler and al.: TERMTrial - terminology-based documentation systems for cooperative clinical trials . ( 2005 ) and the latter by Petra K. Grafmann . ( 2006 ) . It is also the authored by the latter . It was also the author of the work of the authors of both the books of The latter . In addition to the latter was also published in the same year . This publication was preceded by the publication of the journal , which was also in the following year .
The primary affiliation of the FZI Forschungszentrum Informatik Karlsuhe in Germany is the German government of Eugenie Giesbrecht who authored the books : In Search of Semantic Compositionality in Vector Spaces. ( 2009 ) , in 2009 , in the form of the Condensed Tensor Space Model of Natural Language Semantics . ( 2014 ) and in the same year was the Co-authored by Sebastian Rudolph and Eugenia GiesBrecht : Conditional Matrix-Space Models of Language . ( 2013 ) . The latter was followed by the book : Inositio Combining Data-Driven and Semantic Approaches for Text Mining . ( 2011 .
The primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Martin Simons 0002 , which was authored by Mark Simons . Abtasttest von Mikroprozessoren und MikroProzessorsystemen. ( 1983 ) .
Peter Fischer 0007 is the primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen , Germany and authored Peter Fischer : Optimierende Steuerung paralleler Transportprozesse mit Methoden der Wissensverarbeitung . ( 1994 ) .
Daniel Fürstenau is the primary affiliation of the Freie Universität Berlin . He authored Daniel Fuerstenau et al.: A Dynamic Model of Embeddedness in the IS Architectures : A Production Case . ( 2014 ) and Daniel Fursenau and Hannes Rothe : The Information Systems : An Expert Study on Determinants of Discontinuation . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also the author of Daniel Fetherstenau and Christian Glaschke : Weighting of Integration Qualities in IS Architecturing : A Conceptual Framework and Empirical Illustration . (2014 ) . ( 2015 . He was the co-authored by the latter was also authored by Daniel Flemings : Standard Diffusion in Growing Networks : Modeling Interaction Patterns. ( 2014 .
Nico Potyka is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Institute for Parallel and Distributed Systems in Germany . He was authored by both Christoph Beierle et al.: Extending and Completing Probabilistic Knowledge and Beliefs Without Bias and the Java Library Attractor . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of the books : `` NicoPotyka : Some Notes on the Factorization of probabilistic Logical Models under Maximum Entropy Semantics . ( 2013 ) and `` Bo Xiong et al : Semi-Riemannian Graph Convolutional Networks. ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , '' which was preceded by `` '' . ( 2015 . '' and `` '' , which was co-authored by `` `` by '' , `` The Poetyka: Interpreting Neural Networks as Gradual Argumentation Frameworks ( Including Proof Appendix . '' . , `` 2021 '' , '' both of which were authored by `` Christoph beierle & al.: Affirmations with Consistent and Inconsistent Information . ( 2022 . `` and `` He was also the authored by '' . The latter was also by `` The Coincidentally '' . He 's also the `` Coincidented by `` , ' which was also written by `` Heimings '' . `` . '' , the latter was followed by `` by `` Co. '' . '' in which `` Co' was previously written . '' ( 2016 . He has also been the co-author of `` Co . ' and `` Co ' , which in turn was the author ' of `` The `` Co -authored by '' `` `` `` Co-authored '' by `` BoXiong , '' while `` Co : Addressed to ' to `` Co: PoPoyka ' ( 2015 ) . This was the Co: Co: po : Solving Reasoning Problems for Compulsionary Conditional Logics with Compulsory and 'Novelty : Deliving Reasoning ' ( 2016-2015 . ' , ' and 'Otcheka : The General Framework for Minimum Entropy ' ( 2012 ) . ' . It was also preceded by ' ' by 'Tolting Reasoning : A Tutorial for Weighted Bipolar Argumentation with Conditional Systems and 'Influenced By ' including Proof . ( 1923 - 2016 . ' -2015 .
Udo Jörges is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and was authored by Frank Ellinger et al.: A macromodel of the transfer characteristics of chopper-stabilized operational amplifiers oriented by the circuit structure . ( 1996 ) . It was also authored by G. Jummel : A M.Jummel . ( 2014 ) . The latter was preceded by the Gruido Belfiore et Al.: Design of a 56 Gbit/s 4-level pulse-amplitude-modulation inductor-limiting laser driver integrated circuit in 130 nm BiCMOS technology . ( 2015 ) and the latter was the authored by the latter . It is the author of which was the predecessor of the Decemelded by the F.C.and-hold circuit . ( 2009 ) . This circuit structure was constructed by the transmission characteristics of which were derived by the electronic component . ( 2016 . It has 33 dB gain at 400 kHz BW and 10dB gain at 3.5 MHz BW in flexible self-aligned a-IGZO TFT technology . The circuit structure and was also the co-pipitated by the Deccanters . The Roudo Jogs was coined by F.Jörges . ( 2013 ) . ( which was itself authored by The Roubojevo Joges . (2015 ) . He was the authors of which , was the Rouboji & F. J.J.Eng . (2014 ) . In the past it has been the authorised by the following : The GruidoBelfiore & G.J . Healtech ( 2014 was the latter : The Turbo-Hooper amplifiers , which was discovered in the following order : The latter had been authored by Robert Kostack & al.: Small signal analysis of the quadrature LC oscillator operating at 59-62.5 GHz . (2009 ) , the latter by the Turco Joger & Ferschischi et al : A 2 GHz low noise amplifier with transformer input matching in 28 nm CMOS. ( 2016 ) .
Michael A. Kochte is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Institute of Computer architecture and Computer Engineering in Germany . He was authored by both Hongyan Zhang et al.: GUAranteed Reliability in Dynamically Reconfigurable Systems ( 2014 ) and the authors of both the books are : Michael A Kochte et al : Test exploration and validation using transaction level models . ( 2009 ) . The latter was preceded by the work of both Stefan Hillebrecht and Hans-Joachim Wunderlich and the `` Accurate QBF-based test pattern generation in the absence of unknown values '' in the presence of unknown value based on restricted symbolic logic . ( 2013 ) . (2014 ) . He also authored by the latter was the book `` Xandis et al . (2013 ) .
Johannes Leupolz is the primary affiliation of the University of Augsburg in Germany . He is the author of the following publications : Axel Habermaier et al.: Unified Simulation , Visualization , and Formal Analysis of Safety-Critical Systems with S#. ( 2016 ) , and also of the publications : The following : Hemodialysis machine with S/2015 , and the following : The latter was also authored by him . He has also written the works : The publication of the journal 'Axel Habermeier et Al.: Quantitative and qualitative safety analysis of a hemodialization and measurement for Efficient Formal Safety Analysis of the same . ( 2016 . He was preceded by the publication of The journal 's `` ZERO Quantitative & qualitative and quantitative analysis of the latter was carried out in the same year .
The University of Hanover , Hannover , Germany is the primary affiliation of Wolfgang Mader 0001 . He authored the books : Wolfgang Mcker : On Vertices of outdegree n in minimally n-connected digraphs. ( 2002 ) , Wolfgang Maders : On vertices of even-connected graphs , reducing the edge-connectivity only by two. ( 1986 ) , and Wolfgang M. Mader : Kritisch n-fach kantenzusammenhängende Graphen. ( 1990 ) . The latter was authored in the same year . He also authored the book . He was the author of the book : Kolnisch N-Fach kandenzusAMmenhángende graphen . ( 1986 .
Ahmed Hamdi 's primary affiliation is the University of La Rochelle , France and he is the author of the following books : Ahmed Hamd et al.: A Multilingual Dataset for Named Entity Recognition , Entity Linking and Stance Detection in Historical Newspapers . ( 2021 ) , Ahmed H.H.E . 's ( 2015 ) and 'E.L.C . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by him . It was also the authored by the latter 's co-authored by Ahmad Hamdi , which was also in the following : The latter is also the work . Ahmed Hamden et al. ( 2015 was also authored by Ahmed Hamda et al . It is the latter was the editor of the publication 's information-tagging of Tunisian Dialect Using Standard Arabic Resources and Tools . ( 2015 . and the latter is the work was also edited by the editor . It 's also the co-authored by the Gujarat Hamdi and the E.L . He was the author . The author of which was the ECLI . (2015 was the `` Information Extraction from Invoices . (2021 ) and was in the same publication was the Authored by the author 's Co-correction for 'TENIENIest Arabic Resources & Tools ( 2015-2021 . This publication was also preceded by the `` In addition to the `` AhmedHamdi et al., '' which was in turn authored by 'ECLI : '' . The ECLC ' was the authorship of `` Ahmed M.H .E . He has also authored : '' and 'ICLI ' and `` In this case ' was Ahmed Hamdem et al : '' which is the `` Authored By '' . This was the latter being the author : `` Ahmed HamDi : `` An Analysis of the Performance of Named Entity Identifier Recognition : Addités nommérisation dans la reconnaissance d'entités Nommées pour les documents historiques . (2020 -2021 -1921 .
Andreas Spitz is the primary affiliation of EPFL in Switzerland . He was the author of the following works : DeWitt et al.: Im-META : Influence Maximization Using Node Metadata in Networks With Unknown Topology ( 2021 ) , Erich Schubert & al.: Semantic Word Clouds with Background Corpus Normalization and t-distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding . (2017 ) . HeidelPlace : An Extensible Framework for Geoparsing. ( 2017 ) , ECLI : An Evaluation of Combination Modes for Word Embeddings . ( 2016 ) , Heidelplace : An ECLC . ( 2017 . ( 2015 ) , and ELLIATED Texts. ( 2016 .
Christian Hütter is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany , which is affiliated with both Rolf Zimmermann 0001 and Andres Goens . He authored the book `` e. Beitr.Zur Entwicklung e. Methodik des Informatikunterrichts . '' in 1987 .
Michael Weber 0005 , authored by Matthias Kleiner et al.: Tube expansion by gas detonation . ( 2006 ) , is the primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen , Shock Wave Laboratory , which is affiliated with the Michael Weber Association for Research on Parallel algorithms for verification on large systems .
Andreas Jahn 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Kassel in Germany and was authored in the following order : Andreas Kahn et al.: 5G / LTE Based Protection of Vulnerable Road Users : Detection of Crossing a Curb . ( 2015 ) , Andreas J.ahn et Al.: Focus on the User : A User Relative Coordinate System for Activity Detection . ( 2016 ) and Andreas J/Lloyd David : A Toolchain for Context Recognition : Automating the Investigation of a Multitude of Parameter Sets . (2015 ) . The latter is the authored by AndreasJahn and Klaus David 's work in the same order . The authors were the authors of the latter work in this publication . Andreas JK.E. ( 2016 . Andreasjahn & Klaus David : Improved activity recognition by using grouped activities . (2016 ) .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of the academic Adrian Heinrich Hoppe . He was authored by the following : He was the author of the following works : The authors of the books : The Deccan Herald , Heppe et al.: ShiSha : Enabling Shared Perspective With Face-to-Face Collaboration Using Redirected Avatars in Virtual Reality. ( 2021 ) , He was also the authored by : Helder Hoppe et Al.: Interaction with Three Dimensional Objects : Using Modified World Views to Overcome Real-Life Limitations in Virtual reality. ( 2016 ) , The Electronic Environments in the year '2021 , the printed in the Year '1821 , and the authorship of the Eternity : Increasing the Usability and Productivity of Virtual Environments. (2021 ) . (2018 ) , and also the authors : The latter was written by the latter was also in the same year . Heppe , who was also authored by both the author : The book '1818 . Helder ' was the co-authored by the book '1918 and the author 'Adrian Heinrich Heppe ' , which was also written by '1921 . Hepper Hoppe and Heppe which was written in the form of the latter ' , was the book `` Adhere : An affiliate of the eternity with the Low Vision in the Virtual reality . (2020 ) . The latter is also the work of the author , Admirall Hoppe , whose primary affiliation is the Karlshe Institute Of Technology . The authors are : The following : The author of this book was also Adrian Heppe : Heppe and his co-author was : Heier Hoppe 's : The Orthopedic Ortho-Influenced by : `` Admiral Hoppe : Eterna : Interaction of Distant and Local Users in a Collaborative Virtual Eternality. (2018 '18 ) , which is also known as 'Admiral Heinrich ' , who has also authored the works : Admiralle : Calibration of Diversion of Diverse Tracking Systems to Enable Local Collaborative Mixed Reality . ( 2018 ) and '18-1919 . The author 's work was also edited by : The Co-author ' : The 'Helder ' and 'Eterna ' : 'Ilder Heinrich was also involved in ': Interaction With ' with ' the 'Influ
The Hochschule Wismar , Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science in Germany is the primary affiliation of Markus M Berg . He is the author of the following books : Mark M. Berg : Nils Weber et al.: Ontologiespeicherung in Datenbanken im Kontext natürlichsprachlicher Dialogsysteme. ( 2012 ) , Mark M Berg : Modelling of Natural dialogues in the context of speech-based information and control systems. ( 2014 ) , and Mark M M.M. Berg: Modelling Of Natural Language Dialogues into the Conceptual Model of Storyboard Design . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was authored in the year 2014 . He also authored in 2013 .
René Weller is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Faculty of Mathematics , Computer Science . He authored J. Cepok et al.: Kinaptic - Techniques and insights for creating competitive accessible 3D games for sighted and visually impaired users in the year 2016 . He was authored by Gabor Scharf and Rene Hartel . He is also the author of J.Cepok & al.: Identifier : A Reactive Multithreaded Pipeline Library for 3D Telepresence in VR . ( 2016 ) . He and Gabriel Zachmann : The latter was also the authored by Jörn Teuber et al . That publication was preceded by the work that was followed by the book J.D.L.I . That book was also written in the entity-component-system pattern for realtime interactive systems. ( 2016 .
Arpan Gujarati is the primary affiliation of the University of British Columbia , Computer Science Department , Vancouver , BC , Canada . It is the author of Arpan Gujaratati et al.: Achal : building highly reliable networked control systems . (2019 ) , Arp Gujarati et Al.: Poincident : a high-throughput and predictable VM schedulability analysis for high-density workloads . ( 2018 ) and is the authored by Abraham Chan & al.: Affinities . ( 2015 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Saarland University , Information Systems , Saarbrücken , Germany is the University of Technology , Erlangen . It is the author of the books , titled , `` Ankur Sharma : Snapshot : friend or foe of data management - on optimizing transaction processing in database and blockchain systems . (2019 ) , '' which was authored by Felix Martin Schuhknecht et al.: ChainifyDB : How to get rid of your Blockchain and use your DBMS instead . ( 2018 ) , and `` The Case of Hyperledger Fabric . ( 2016 ) . '' . The latter was also authored by the latter was in the same publication . '' , which was preceded by the book , `` '' by the authored by `` '' , in the following order : '' , `` Kontakt : '' ( 2016 . ( 2021 ) .
Andreas F. Koschan is the primary affiliation of the University of Tennessee , Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science . He was authored by both Heterogeneous Fusion of Omnidirectional and PTZ Cameras for Multiple Object Tracking ( 2008 ) and by the authors of both the books `` Gigi Yamel Bouchech et al.: Studies on the Effectiveness of Multispectral Images for Face Recognition : Comparative Studies and New Approaches . ( 2005 ) . '' He was also authored by `` Chung-Hao Chen et Al.: Estimating Illumination Chromaticity via Kernel Regression . '' . ( 2006 ) . ( 2008 . '' and `` Reinhard Klette et al.-Rasmal and CTZChere Information aus digitalen Bildern . '' ( 1996 ) .
Oliver Wannenwetsch is the primary affiliation of the University of Gottingen in Germany and is the author of Oliver Schmitt et al.: Experimental realization of a Persistent Identifier Infrastructure stack for Named Data Networking . ( 2015 ) . He also co-authored with Noa Campos-López : The PERICLES Process Compiler : Linking BPMN Processes into Complex Workflows for Model-Driven Preservation in Evolving Ecosystems . (2017 ) and Tim A. Majchrzak : On ConstructingPersistent Identifiers with Persistent Resolution Targets . ( 2016 ) . The latter . The book was also authored in the same year . The authorship of OliverWannenWetttingenwettch : Eine Virtuelle Forschungsfeld von Open Access , Nachhaltigkeit und Datenschutz . ( 2017 ) .
Kubilay Demir and Neeraj Suri : SeReCP : A Secure and Reliable Communication Platform for the Smart Grid. ( 2014 ) and Kubilaya Demir et al.: Robust QoS-aware communication in the smart distribution grid. (2017 ) are the authors of Kubilays Demir & al.: MPTCP-H : A DDoS attack resilient transport protocol to secure wide area measurement systems . (2019 ) .
The Max Planck Institute for Informatics ( MPII ) is the primary affiliation of Franziska Mueller 0001 which was authored by Srinath Sridhar et al.: Real-time Joint Tracking of a Hand Manipulating an Object from RGB-D Input . ( 2016 ) and Jalees Nehvi et al : Differentiable Event Stream Simulator for Non-Rigid 3D Tracking. ( 2021 ) . ( 2018 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was also authored by Jiayi Wang , who is the author of the book that was also published in the same publication . The book was also written in the following order : `` Dushyant Mehta et al*: Single-Shot Multi-person 3D Pose Estimation from Monocular RGB. (2018 ) .
Jiaxin Pan is the primary affiliation of the NTNU - Norwegian University of Science and Technology , Trondheim , Norway and is authored by Romain Gay et al.: More Efficient (Almost ) Tightly Secure Structure-Preserving Signatures . ( 2018 ) , Yuyu Wang & Libin Wang : TMQV : A Strongly eCK-secure Diffie-Hellman Protocol without Gap Assumption . ( 2014 ) . ( 2011 ) . It was authored by Julia Kastner .
The primary affiliation of the Fraunhofer Institute for Digital Media Technology ( IDMT ) in Oldenburg , Germany is Carlos F da Silva Souto et al.: Flex-Printed Ear-EEG Sensors for Adequate Sleep Staging at Home . ( 2021 ) . This book was authored by Carlos F. da Silva Sanchez , who is the author of Carlos Filipe da Silva souto : Speech-related brain responses as a basis for auditory brain-computer interfaces . (2019 ) .
Robert Niebuhr is the primary affiliation of Technische Universität Darmstadt in Germany and authored by him . He was the author of both the following works : : `` Pierre-Louis Cayrel et al.: Selecting Parameters for Secure McEliece-based Cryptosystems. ( 2011 ) , `` Robert Niesbuhrs : Attacking and defending codes over q and on the effect of partial knowledge . (2017 ) . '' . '' and `` `` `` The following : '' . The latter was preceded by `` Pierre M. Barreto et Al.: Quasi-Dyadic CFS Signatures . (2010 ) , '' which was authored by `` P.C. '' . ( 2011 . (2012 ) . ( 2012 ) .
Odej Kao is affiliated with TU Berlin , Eletrical Engineering and Computer Science and was authored by Alexander Stanik et al.: Papnet : A Proximity-aware Alphanumeric Overlay Supporting Ganesan On-Line Load Balancing . ( 2009 ) and Martin Raack et al : A2Log : Attentive Augmented Log Anomaly Detection . ( 2022 ) . ( 2014 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . He is also the author of both the books that were written by the former . Ingo la Tendresse et al!: Papnet: A3Stow : A3Laying , and LoadBalancing in DHT Based RDF Stores . ( 2011 . ( 2006 ) and the latter was written by both the authors . The authors were both in the same order . The former is the authorship of the latter , which was preceded by the book by the authors : The latter was in the form of the book `` Thorsten Wittkopp & al.: A3Log . (2009 ) .
Gullal S. Cheema et al.: Check_square at CheckThat! 2020 Claim Detection in Social Media via Fusion of Transformer and Syntactic Features . ( 2021 ) was authored by Sherzod Hakimov , who is affiliated with the Leibniz Association for Science and Technology in Hanover , Germany . He is the author of the books : Kader Pustu-Iren et Al.: Visualizing Copyright-Protected Video Archive Content Through Similarity Search. (2021 ) , GullAL S.Cheema et Alto Check_Warrant for Analyzing Claims in Social media . ( 2016 ) and also the book `` Gullala S.C.W.Expedition: Multilingual Semantic Parsing for QEval '20 : On the Role of Images for Analyzed Claims in Sport Media.2021 '' and `` W.O.W . '' , both of which were authored by him . He was also authored by the latter .
The Technical University of Munich in Germany is the primary affiliation of Mai Bui 0001 which is authored by the following authors : The authors of the following books are : The following : The book was written in the following order : `` Haowen Deng et al.: 6D Camera Relocalization in Ambiguous Scenes via Continuous Multimodal Inference . (2020 ) , `` Mai Biu et al : Dealing with Uncertainty and Ambiguity in Pose Estimation . ( 2016 ) , '' `` '' , `` '' and `` '' . The book `` '' which was authored by '' in the same language '' , '' was also published in the year 's Enfanticipation in Ambambuity via Condivision . ( 2020 ) , '1916 '' , '1818 , '2021 ' , and 'Mai Bui et al . ( 2021 ) .
Xing Li 0003 ( 1999 ) is the primary affiliation of FU Berlin , Germany and is the book that XingLi 0003 is concerned with the study of doubly quasi-periodic boundary value problems in elasticity theory .
Madlen Wuttke : Proaktive Agenten im Lernkontext : Die Auswirkungen neuer Inputkanäle in der lernstoffvermittelnden Mensch-Computer-Interaktion . ( 2014 ) was authored by Madlen Meeller-Wuttke and Michael Heidt . The latter is the author of the books : Madlen wuttke et al.: Proactive Functions of a Pedagogical Agent - Steps for Implementing a Social Catalyst Function . ( 2016 ) and the book : The Outlook for the Validation of a Natural User Interface . ( 2017 ) . The book was also authored by the latter . They are the authors of the book that was authored in the same year . The authors are Andreas Bischof et al.? Interdisziplinäre Impulse für den Begriff `` Interaktion '' ( 2014 .
Peter Protzel 's primary affiliation is Fakultät für Elektrotechnik und Informationstechnik , Technische Universität Chemnitz . He was authored by Niko Sünderhauf et al.: Circular Convolutional Neural Networks for Panoramic Images and Laser Data in the year 2021 . He also authored the book `` Bella Bella '' which was co-authored by Peter Pöschmann and Niko Sanchez . The book `` Unsupervised Learning Methods for Visual Place Recognition in Discretely and Continuously Changing Environments . ( 2012 ) . ( 2015 ) . He is the author of both the book 'Stripped by 'Towards : Towards a robust back-end for pose graph SLAM . ( 2016 ) and 'Swed By ' which was preceded by 'Pipath mitigation in GNSS-based localization using robust optimization . ( 2013 ) .
Dietmar Müller 0003 ( authored by Dietmar M.M. ) is the primary affiliation of the Free University of Berlin , Dahlem , Germany . The university 's primary affiliation is the Federal Ministry of Health which is the location of the Institute for the Study of Information ( 2002 ) .
Alexander Marx is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He authored Alexander Marx et al.: EDISON-WMW : Exact Dynamic Programing Solution of the Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney Test . ( 2016 ) and Alexander Marx & Jilles Vreeken : Identifiability of Cause and Effect using Regularized Regression . (2019 ) . The latter was authored by Alexander Marx . Alexander Marx was the author of Alexander Marx 's book Alexander Marx and the Weaker Faithfulness Assumption based on Triple Interactions . (2021 ) . ( 2021 ) , the latter was the authored by the latter 's co-authored Alexander Marx in the same year . AlexanderMarx was the prequel to Alexander Marx : Information-Theoretic Causal Discovery based on triple interactions in 2021 .
The University of Paderborn in Germany is affiliated with the Jürgen Vollmer 0002 which was authored in 1997 . The university 's primary affiliation is the University of Gottingen which is affiliated to the Jian Cheng 0005 school . The University is the primary affiliation of the University , which is authored by J.G . Vollmar 0002 .
The primary affiliation of QAware GmbH in Munich , Germany is Florian Lautenschlager et al.: Chronix : Long Term Storage and Retrieval Technology for Anomaly Detection in Operational Data . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the authors of the Flemish-language Transactions : Filippe Speicherung von Zeitreihen mit Betriebsdaten aus Software-Systemen zur Analyse von Laufzeitdaten . ( 2015 . and the German Transactions : The Missing Link in Dynamic Software Analysis . (2015 ) . The latter which was authored by the latter . The authors of which , FlorianLautenscherung von Spokesman : Larcherlager and Florian Livboucher Wohrscheißererkennung der Gruppe . ( 2018 .
Michael Schneider is the author of Michael Schneider : Verteilte adaptive numerische Simulation auf der Basis der Finite-Elemente-Methode . ( 1995 ) . The primary affiliation of Technical University in Germany is Michael May 0003 and the primary affiliation is Andreas Seitz and Gerhard Kramer .
The primary affiliation of the Technische Universität München , Lehrstuhl für Integrierte Systeme in Germany is Philipp Wagner 0001 . The authors of the books are : The authors : The LinLi et al.: A Rule-based Methodology for Hardware Configuration Validation in Embedded Systems. ( 2016 ) , the authors : Stefan Wallentowitz et al . Open Tiled Manycore System-on-Chip ( 2013 ) , and the Plenipotentiary Information Systems ( 2014 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written by the author , Philipp Wagner . ( 2013 . The author : A non-intrusive, operating system independent spinlock profiler for embedded multicore systems. (2013 ) and the author : The author of the Torpedo Systems ( 2016 .
The Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster , WWU , Germany is the primary affiliation of Muhammad Jawad 0002 which was authored in the following order : The following books were published in the year 2021 : The book was preceded by the book `` Muhammad Jawade et al.: Interactive Visual Analysis of Mass Spectrometry Imaging Data Using Linear and non-Linear Embeddings . (2019 ) . ( 2016 ) and the book '1921 . It was also authored by the following authors : The latter was also written in the same order : `` The Reference Study for the Study of Human Brain Tumors . ( 2021 ) , '' Muhammad J.D . (2021 ) and '1922 . (2020 ) , '1929 . ' and '2021 ' ( 2016 .
Dhiraj Gulati is the primary affiliation of the fortiss GmbH in Munich , Germany and is the author of the following books : The following are the works : The D.Gulati et al.: Graph based cooperative localization using symmetric measurement equations and dedicated short range communication . (2017 ) , the Gruppo Gruppo L.P.E. ( 2016 ) , and the `` Feihu Zhang et al . Ltd . '' ( 2018 ) . The latter was preceded by the `` d.L.O.E . '' , the `` D.D.Eng.Eng . '' . ( 2016 . , and its associated with the `` Gruppo 's '' , which was authored by the Gruppe L.O . ( 2017 ) .
Johannes Sebastian Mueller-Roemer is the primary affiliation of TU Darmstadt , Germany . He authored Daniel Weber et al.: A p-multigrid Algorithm using Cubic Finite Elements for Sparse Matrices with Compound Entries on GPUs . ( 2021 ) and Daniel M.M.R . ( 2014 ) . He was also the author of Daniel Ströter et al : Collateral Tetrahedral Mesh Editor with Immediate Simulations Into Web-based Compromated Computational Fluid Dynamics . (2020 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also the authored by the co-authored by the Deformation simulation using cubic finite elements and efficient Deformation Simulation . ( 2015 ) .
Frank Hoffmann 0001 is the primary affiliation of TU Dortmund , Institute of Control Theory and Systems Engineering in Germany . He was authored by Jan Braun et al.: Co-evolutionary particle swarm optimization for min-max problems using Gaussian distribution . ( 2004 ) and also by Thomas Nierobisch & al.: Optimal Large View Visual Servoing with Sets of SIFT Features . ( 2011 ) . He is also the author of Frank Hartmann 03 which was the authored by Christoph Rösmann et al .
The primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Jörg Müller 0007 which is authored by Jog Müller : Entwicklung eines Expertensystems zur Auswahl von Greifern für Handhabungsaufgaben . ( 1997 ) .
Arpan Gujarati is the primary affiliation of the University of British Columbia , Computer Science Department , Vancouver , BC , Canada . It is the author of Arpan Gujaratati et al.: Achal : building highly reliable networked control systems . (2019 ) , Arp Gujarati et Al.: Poincident : a high-throughput and predictable VM schedulability analysis for high-density workloads . ( 2018 ) and is the authored by Abraham Chan & al.: Affinities . ( 2015 ) .
Matthias Wübbeling is the primary affiliation of the University of Bonn in Germany and he authored the books : Timo Malderle et al.: Credential Intelligence Agency : A Threat Intelligence Approach to Mitigate Identity Theft . ( 2016 ) , Daniel Gruss et al : Generalizing the use-After-free Problem and Applying it to Email Services . ( 2018 ) and Timo Molning and Michael Meier : The Management of the Identifier Leaks using Threat Intelligence . (2018 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was also authored by the latter .
Ana-Maria Olteteanu is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Spatial Cognition Center in Germany and was authored by Faheem Hassan Zunjani and Ana-Marisa Oltetteeanu : Are all Remote Associates Test equal? An overview and comparison of the CRIDENames for Computational Modelling and Creativity Support using Associative Creativity and Creative Problem Solving . (2019 ) and Jan Philipp Behrens . The latter was authored in the same year . It was followed by the work in the works in the following order : An introduction of the following : An initial Validation . ( 2018 ) and the associated with Eureka in Four Not-So-Easy Steps : Towards Creative Visuospatial Intelligence . (2018 ) .
Uwe Nagel 0002 is affiliated with the University of Konstanz , Department of Computer and Information Science and was authored by both Ulrik Brandes et al.: Understanding the Composition of an Ensemble of Personal Networks . (2010 ) and Immanuel Bayer et al : Bisociative Discovery of Interesting Relations between Domains . ( 2013 ) . The latter book was preceded by the previous book , which was written by Michael R Berthold et al ; Pure spreading activation is pointless . ( 2009 ) .
Regina Fischer and Marlies Rogalski : Datenbankgestütztes Kosten- und Erlöscontrolling : Konzept und Realisierung einer entscheidungsorienerten Erfolgsrechnung ; 2. überarbeitete Auflage . ( 1995 ) is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Germany , where Benjamin Tannert and Hendrik Wöhrle are both leaders . It is also the location of the university where Regina Fischer 0001 is the current Dean .
The University of Luxembourg , Luxembourg is the primary affiliation of Mouhammad Sakr , who authored the books : `` Swen Jacobs and MouhammadSowr : A Symbolic Algorithm for Lazy Synthesis of Eager Strategies . ( 2018 ) , 's authored by `` Paul C. Attie et al.: Model and Program Repair via SAT Solving . (2018 ) . '' and 'MouhammadSakr : `` '' ( 2019 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . It is the author of `` `` The authorship '' of `` Sowen Jacobs & MouhammadChere '' . ( 2021 ) . ' and 'Wangr : '' (2021 ) , which was the authorship of `` Gowren Jacobs and `` The author 's `` , which in turn was written in `` The Compromised Systems . (2020 '' .
TU Darmstadt , Department of Computer Integrated Design , Germany is the primary affiliation of the company Marco Grimm 0002 which authored the book Marco Grimm : Konzept zum durchgängigen Schutz von Daten in der verteilten additiven Fertigung . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Marco Grimm and Reiner Anderl : Intellectual Property Protection and Secure Knowledge Management in Collaborative Systems Engineering . ( 2013 ) .
Annika Wagner is the primary affiliation of the Fulda University of Applied Science , Department of Applied Computer Science . She was authored by both Reiko Heckel and Martin Gogolla in the following works : AnnikaWagner : On the Role of Method Families for Aspect-Oriented Programming . ( 1999 ) and the work that was written in the same year . The latter was also authored by Annika , who is the author of the works : The Galina Besova et al.: Entwicklungsprozess von Web-Anwendungen . ( 2003 ) , the latter was preceded by the work in the form of the same publication . In 1999 . Annika was also the authored by Karmarina Mehner and Annika/Annika Wagner : A formal object specification technique using rule-based transformation of partial algebras . ( 1996 . ( 1998 ) and in the year that Annika 's sequel to the publication of the book Annika . ( 2000 ) . This book was written by the same author . The book was also written in that same year and the latter by the author Annika also . In this book was the same book . The work was also co-authored by the latter . In addition to this was the work which was also used in the previous year 's complete information . This publication was also followed by the works of Annika ( 1999-2000 . In that year they were both authored by the following : The publication was Annika : The full-text of the publication was the `` germanqi-based Reliability Prediction of Service Compositions - a constructive approach . '' Annika is the authorship of both the following . The authors were Annika and Martin Groogolla and the Poet 's work : The following : `` Annika-Wagners : The Advidentity of Affirmative Behavior by Attributed Graph Transformations ' ( 1996-2000 ) . ( 2002-2003 ) . It was also preceded by `` Galina-Bengal : The Affirmation of the Conditions for the Synchronization of Java-Threads with UML . ( 2001-2002 ) and also the work of the authors : `` Gregoryor Engels et Al.: Reputation-basedReliability Prediction ' ( 2003-2004 ) . `` In this case ' was the co-authored by `` The authors : '' , Annika '' , `` In other works : `` In the same '' was `` The Gal
Alberto Romay is the primary affiliation of Darmstadt University of Technology in Germany and is the author of both the Stecher et al.: Human-robot Teaming for Rescue Missions and Alberto Isay Romay Tovar : An object template approach to manipulation for the semi-autonomous avatar robots . ( 2014 ) and the Stefan Kohlbrecher & al.: A Comprehensive Software Framework for Complex Locomotion and Manipulation Tasks Applicable to Different Types of Humanoid Robots . ( 2016 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . Hector and ViGIR 's efforts at the 2013 DARPA Robotics Challenge Trials . ( 2013 ) .
The primary affiliation of Tilmann Rabl is the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam , Germany . They are the authors of the books Todor Ivanov et al.: Big Data , High Performance Computing , and Machine Learning Benchmarks. ( 2021 ) and the books Clemens Lutz & al.: Pump Up the Volume : Processing Large Data on GPUs with Fast Interconnects . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the latter and the latter by the former . They were also written in the same year . The book was also published in the following order : Paul Cao et al . TPCx-BB : Standardization of a Big Data Benchmark. ( 2016 . It was also authored in the year 2016 . Both were authored by The Fall 2016 and the following year .
Artem Polyvyanyy is the primary affiliation of the University of Melbourne , School of Computing and Information Systems , Australia . He was authored by Sander J. J. Leemans and Artem M. Poetty : Stochastic-Aware Conformance Checking : An Entropy-Based Approach . ( 2016 ) . He has also authored by Ahmed Awad et al.: Semantic Querying of Business Process Models . ( 2008 ) and also by Felix Elliger . He is the author of the book `` On Separation of Concurrency and Conflicts in Acyclic Process Models. (2020 ) .
Eckhard Koch : Ein kohärentoptisches Filterverfahren für die Zeichenerkennung . ( 1981 ) is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany , which is affiliated with the Christian Hütter 0003 and Rolf Zimmermann 0001 . The primary affiliation is the Andres Goens .
The primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt (Chemnitz ) in Germany is the Mathias Nagel Institute for Mathematisch-statistische Modelle für die Kontrolle der mikrobiologischen Belastung von Gewässern . ( 1984 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Darmstadt in Germany is the company of Axel Schmidt 0001 which was authored by Lucie Langer et al.: An Evaluation and Certification Approach to Enable Voting Service Providers . ( 2009 ) . The company is also the author of the LucieLanger & al.: Condensed Privacy and Verifiability Requirements for Electronic Voting. (2009 ) and the L.L.R . (2009) . The latter is the authorship of the latter . The L.R.E . paper which was also authored by the company 's parent company , which is also known as the `` L.E.W.L . '' and the associated with the information about the electronic elections providing voter-verifiability in the bulletin board model . ( 2008 .
Davide Chicco and Giuseppe Jurman : Arterial Disease Computational Prediction and Health Record Feature Ranking Among Patients Diagnosed With Inflammatory Bowel Disease . ( 2021 ) is more reliable than balanced accuracy , bookmaker informedness , and markedness in two-class confusion matrix evaluation . ( 2014 ) . It was authored by Davidechco and Luca Oneto : Data analytics and clinical feature ranking of medical records of patients with sepsis . (2021 ) . The latter was preceded by the publication of the book Delphco et al.: The Matthews correlation coefficient ( MCC . ( 2011 ) . DavideChicco and Marco Masseroli : Extended Spearman and Kendall Coefficients for Gene Annotation List Correlation . (2014 ) . ( 2015 ) .
Nils Pancratz is the primary affiliation of the University of Oldenburg in Germany and was authored by Ira Diethelm and Ira Molnar . They are the authors of the books that were published in the following order : Nils pancratz : Vorstellungen von Lernenden zum Aufbau von Informatiksystemen : eine multimethodische Untersuchung Von Lernvoraussetzungen tot genschuchung von KI entdecken! ( 2021 ) , EIN-Wittings en Teilen Hebras et al.: Gemeinsam KI Entdecken ! (2021 ) ( 2016 ) , NilsPrais denken Hebruner 's Perceptions of Computer Science Concepts . ( 2016 -2021 . ( 2015 ) . ( 202021 - 2021 . It was preceded by the book `` Nilsprais '' ( 2015-2021-2022 .
The Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is affiliated to the school of Matthias Daum 0002 which authored the book Matthias daum : Mobile Roboter im Lager : rationelle Kommissionierung . ( 1990 ) .
Simon Harrer is the primary affiliation of the Universität Bamberg in Germany . He is the author of the following books : Jörg Lenhard et al.: Lessons Learned from Evaluating Workflow Management Systems. ( 2014 ) , Christian R. Preißinger & al.: Towards Standard Conformant BPEL Engines : The Case of Static Analysis. (2014 ) and Simon Hartrer : Process Engine Selection Support. ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was also authored by J.P.Engines with BPELlint . ( 2015 ) . He has also authored the book `` Jolnhard et Al.: BPMN 2.0 : The Foundations for Complex Middleware Products . ( 2016 . Heated and Isolated Test for Compulsory Workflow Engine Benchmarking . (2016 ) .
Thomas Thüm is the primary affiliation of TU Braunschweig , Institute of Software Engineering and Automotive Informatics , Germany . He authored Hagen Schink et al.: A Study on Tool Support for Refactoring in Database Applications. ( 2016 ) and the authors of the following : Alexander Knüppel et al : Skill-Based Verification of Cyber-Physical Systems. ( 2018 ) , Thomas Thulm et al . ( 2016 . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by Thomas Thuhm . He was also the author of the book `` Reiner Jung et al ; Addressed Challenges . (2019 ) . ( 2015 ) . He also authored the book 's `` Sven Apel & al.: Feature-interaction detection based on feature-based specifications . ( 2013 ) and 'Sloia Ananieva et al.; Implicit constraints in partial feature models . (2013 ) .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of the academic Adrian Heinrich Hoppe . He was authored by the following : He was the author of the following works : The authors of the books : The Deccan Herald , Heppe et al.: ShiSha : Enabling Shared Perspective With Face-to-Face Collaboration Using Redirected Avatars in Virtual Reality. ( 2021 ) , He was also the authored by : Helder Hoppe et Al.: Interaction with Three Dimensional Objects : Using Modified World Views to Overcome Real-Life Limitations in Virtual reality. ( 2016 ) , The Electronic Environments in the year '2021 , the printed in the Year '1821 , and the authorship of the Eternity : Increasing the Usability and Productivity of Virtual Environments. (2021 ) . (2018 ) , and also the authors : The latter was written by the latter was also in the same year . Heppe , who was also authored by both the author : The book '1818 . Helder ' was the co-authored by the book '1918 and the author 'Adrian Heinrich Heppe ' , which was also written by '1921 . Hepper Hoppe and Heppe which was written in the form of the latter ' , was the book `` Adhere : An affiliate of the eternity with the Low Vision in the Virtual reality . (2020 ) . The latter is also the work of the author , Admirall Hoppe , whose primary affiliation is the Karlshe Institute Of Technology . The authors are : The following : The author of this book was also Adrian Heppe : Heppe and his co-author was : Heier Hoppe 's : The Orthopedic Ortho-Influenced by : `` Admiral Hoppe : Eterna : Interaction of Distant and Local Users in a Collaborative Virtual Eternality. (2018 '18 ) , which is also known as 'Admiral Heinrich ' , who has also authored the works : Admiralle : Calibration of Diversion of Diverse Tracking Systems to Enable Local Collaborative Mixed Reality . ( 2018 ) and '18-1919 . The author 's work was also edited by : The Co-author ' : The 'Helder ' and 'Eterna ' : 'Ilder Heinrich was also involved in ': Interaction With ' with ' the 'Influ
Rudolf Mester is the primary affiliation of Goethe University in Frankfurt am Main , Germany . He was authored by Håkon Hukkelås et al.: Realistic Full-Body Anonymization with Surface-Guided GANs . ( 2011 ) and he is the author of the following works : Jan Fabian Schmid et al : Model-Based Parameter Optimization for Ground Texture Based Localization Methods. ( 2021 ) and Henry Bradler et Al.: Urban Traffic Surveillance ( UTS : A fully probabilistic 3D tracking approach based on 2D detections. (2021 ) , which was preceded by the work by the Karl Mester : Wiener crosses borders : interpolation based on second order models . (2011 ) . (2010 ) and the work of Alvaro Guevara and RudolfMester , who authored by the author , who was in the same year . (1921 ) .
The University of Bonn , Institute for Computer Science , Germany is the primary affiliation of Pascal Welke . They are the authors of the following books : The authors of this book are : Till Hendrik Schulz et al.: Condimentsary Conditions for the Existence of a Hamiltonian Path with Applications to Cactus Graphs . ( 2016 ) , the authors in the following order : `` P. Welke : On the Complexity of Frequent Subtree Mining in Very Simple Structures . ( 2014 ) , '2021 ' , '1021 , '16 ' and '17 , '17 . The authors in this order are : 'P.W.E. , ' which was authored by 'Tol.Schulz & al.: Mining Tree Patterns with Partially Injective Homomorphisms . (2018 ) and '1917 ' . ' , the latter was preceded by '10 and ' by '16 . The latter was also authored by the author ' , which was the author of 'Till HendrikSchulz and 'W.Eng . which was written by '17 and '18 . ' respectively . in the same order . ' . In the same book was also written by the latter . In this order was followed by 'E.W . in '19 . ' in '18 , and the latter by '19. ' which is the co-authored by '18-1917 . This book was the sequel to 'T.W:HOPS : Probabilistic SubTree Mining for Small and Large Graphs ' ( 2016 . '19 and '16 respectively . It was also the authored by `` P/W ' . This is the authorship of 'W:W.L . in which ' was also followed by the authors : 'T . He was also in '16 and '10 . He is also the author for '1091 . He has also authored : Efficient Related Subgraph Mining in Transactional Databases . (2020 ) . ( 2021 ) . He also authored the book '1096 . He 's also in the order of 'E'. : 'HOPS:3-hop distance estimation in social graphs. ( 2016 , '18 and '09 .
The primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Martin Simons 0002 , which was authored by Mark Simons . Abtasttest von Mikroprozessoren und MikroProzessorsystemen. ( 1983 ) .
The Darmstadt University of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Wasiur R KhudaBukhsh which was authored by Wasiurs R.KhudaBuchsh et al.: A Comprehensive Analysis of Swarming-based Live Streaming to Leverage Client Heterogeneity . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the works that were published in the following order : `` The Generalized Performance Evaluation Framework for Parallel Systems with Compromised Conditions : Bounds and Applications . '' and `` The Addressed By '' . The latter was preceded by `` The Advised By '' WasiUR R.K.L.W.E.S . (2017 ) and wasiursand al.: Analysing and leveraging client heterogeneity in the same year . (2016 ) . ' and 'W.wasiurR.Khudhsh ' , which was also authored by 'Adrian Sosic & al.: Cross-Layer QoE-based Inverse Reinforcement Learning in Swarm Systems ' ( 2016 .
Martin Suda 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Czech Technical University in Prague , Czech Republic . It was authored by Bernhard Gleiss and Martin Olaf Beyersdorff et al.: Lifting QBF Resolution Calculi to DQBF . ( 2014 ) . It is also authored by both Christoph Weidenbach & al.: SPASS Version 3.5 . ( 2009 ) .
The University of Magdeurg in Germany is the primary affiliation of the Markus Wolf 0001 which is authored by Mark Wolf and Ulrich Kleine . They are the authors of the Mark Wolf et al.: A Novel Design Assistant for Analog Circuits . ( 1998 ) and the Lihong Zhang et Al.: A new design rule for automated layout tools . ( 2000 ) .
Jil Klünder 's primary affiliation is Leibniz University Hannover , Germany and he is the author of the following books : Nils Prenner et al.: Defining Frames to Structure Agile Development in Hybrid Settings - A Multi-Case Interview Study. ( 2022 ) , Marc Herrmann and Jilklünder : From Textual to Verbal Communication : Towards Applying Sentiment Analysis to a Software Project Meeting - A Case Study . ( 2021 ) - A Systematic Literature Review . (2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . This publication was preceded by the book by the authors : These are the authors . (2018 ) . It was also authored in the following year . The authors were also the authors of this publication . Jil Karras et al . Linking Use Cases and Associated Requirements - A Software project Meeting .
The primary affiliation of Oldenbourg Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is Michael Müller 0006 which was authored by Michael M.M.E . in 1986 . The university is also the primary affiliation for the University of Gottingen .
René Weller is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Faculty of Mathematics , Computer Science . He authored J. Cepok et al.: Kinaptic - Techniques and insights for creating competitive accessible 3D games for sighted and visually impaired users in the year 2016 . He was authored by Gabor Scharf and Rene Hartel . He is also the author of J.Cepok & al.: Identifier : A Reactive Multithreaded Pipeline Library for 3D Telepresence in VR . ( 2016 ) . He and Gabriel Zachmann : The latter was also the authored by Jörn Teuber et al . That publication was preceded by the work that was followed by the book J.D.L.I . That book was also written in the entity-component-system pattern for realtime interactive systems. ( 2016 .
Thomas Kittel 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Technical University of Munich in Germany and is authored by Andreas Fischer et al.: CloudIDEA : A Malware Defense Architecture for Cloud Data Centers . ( 2016 ) , Sebastian Vogl et al : Dynamic Hooks : Hiding Control Flow Changes within Non-Control Data . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by Julian Kirsch et al ; Combating Control Flow Linearization . (2017 ) . It was also authored by Tomas K. Lengyel et al . The Automotive Case . ( 2013 ) .
The University of Heidelberg in Germany is affiliated to the university of Wolfgang Tischer 0001 who authored the book Wolfgang Tisch : Zur Methodik der Erfassung und Beobachtung von Patienten mit bestimmten Krankheiten in geographisch definierten Bevölkerungsarealen mit speziellem Bezug zum WHO-Herzinfarktregister Heidelburg . ( 1980 ) .
Alexander Kulik is the primary affiliation of the Bauhaus University of Weimar , Computer Science and Media Department in Germany . He was authored by André Kunert et al.: The Globefish : A novel input device for desktop-based 3D interaction . ( 2009 ) and by Tim Weißker et al : Spatial Updating and Simulator Sickness During Steering and Augmented Reality in Everyday Context ( VARECo ) . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of Alexander Kudlik et al . The latter work . He also authored by the latter work and was the co-authored by the authors : The Groovepad : A Handheld Device for 3D-Presentations . ( 2012 ) .
The primary affiliation of Hendrik Wöhrle is the University of Bremen in Germany . He was authored by both Mario Michael Krell et al.: A Dataflow-based Mobile Brain Reading System on Chip with Supervised Online Calibration - For Usage without Acquisition of Training Data . ( 2013 ) and by Marc Tabie et al : An Adaptive Spatial Filter for User-Independent Single Trial Detection of Event-Related Potentials . ( 2014 ) . He is the author of both the books that were written in the same year . He also authored by the latter . He has been the co-author of the latter and the book that was published in the year 2014 . He authored by him . The latter was preceded by the book which was written in 2015 .
The primary affiliation of Nadine Steinmetz is Ilmenau University in Germany and she is the author of the following books : `` Jörg Waitelonis et al.: Use What You Have : Yovisto Video Search Engine Takes a Semantic Turn . ( 2014 ) , '' `` Nadine Weinmetz and Kai-Uwe Sattler : COALA - A Rule-Based Approach to Answer Type Prediction . ( 2016 ) . ( 2012 ) , `` '' and `` '' . The latter was authored by Christian Hentschel et al : Cross-Dataset Learning of Visual Concepts. ( 2012 '' . ( 2013 ) . '' . and `` Eternals : Condiments of Named Entity Recognition for User-Generated Tags. ( 2011 ) .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Matthias Nagel 0001 which is authored by Gunnar Hartung et al.: BBA+ : Improving the Security and Applicability of Privacy-Preserving Point Collection . (2017 ) and by Brandon Broadnax et al : P6V2G : a privacy-preserving V2G scheme for two-way payments and reputation . ( 2018 ) . The latter was authored by the latter 's co-authored by the authors , Brandon Dowsley & al.: A survey on design and implementation of protected searchable data in the cloud . (2018 ) .
The Technical University in Munich , Germany is the primary affiliation of Cornelius Diekmann and Lars Hupel : Theorem-prover-based synthesis of secure network configurations . ( 2015 ) and ( 2016 ) . They are the authors of both the books , CorneliusDiekmann et al.: Verifying Security Policies Using Host Attributes . ( 2014 ) and the works of both T.H.L .I.Semantics . ( 2016 . and the book , respectively . The latter was authored by both the authors , and the latter was also written by the latter . The authors , respectively , in the form of the book `` Cornelius diekmann , which was written in the same language . (2015 ) , and also to be found in the following : Iptables_Semantics. (2016 . (2016 ) .
Christian Hahn 0001 is the primary affiliation of Saarland University / DFKI , Saarbrücken , Germany and is authored by Christian Hartahn et al.: Model-driven Approach to the Integration of Multiagent Systems and Semantic Web Services . ( 2008 ) . The authors of the books are : ChristianHahn and Ismar Slomic : Agent-based Extensions for the UML Profile and Metamodel for Service-oriented Architectures . ( 2006 ) and Christian Hohahn et Al.: A Framework for the design of open agent-based electronic marketplaces. ( 2008 . ( 2009 ) . ( co-authored by Christianhahn and Klaus Fischer : Service Composition in Holonic Modalities : Model-Driven Choreography and Orchestration . (2008 ) , which is the author of the book `` CODEL for multiagent systems . (2009 ) .
The Technical University of Munich in Germany is the primary affiliation of Mai Bui 0001 which is authored by the following authors : The authors of the following books are : The following : The book was written in the following order : `` Haowen Deng et al.: 6D Camera Relocalization in Ambiguous Scenes via Continuous Multimodal Inference . (2020 ) , `` Mai Biu et al : Dealing with Uncertainty and Ambiguity in Pose Estimation . ( 2016 ) , '' `` '' , `` '' and `` '' . The book `` '' which was authored by '' in the same language '' , '' was also published in the year 's Enfanticipation in Ambambuity via Condivision . ( 2020 ) , '1916 '' , '1818 , '2021 ' , and 'Mai Bui et al . ( 2021 ) .
The University of Tübingen in Germany is the primary affiliation of Axel Müller 0002 which was authored by Axel Möller . He is the author of the book `` Axel Müller : Entwurfsmethodik und automatisierte Verteilung für Steuerungssoftware in der Automobilelektronik . ( 1999 ) . The book was authored in the same year and is the sequel to The book `` Axiom : Client/Server-Architecture for open-loop functions in the automotive electronics development . '' which was also authored in 1999 .
Nikolas Havrikov is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following books : NikolasHrikov et al.: XMLMate : evolutionary XML test generation. ( 2014 ) , NikolasWrikov and Andreas Zeller : Systematically Covering Input Structure . ( 2021 ) and the book `` NikolasVegen : Efficient fuzz testing leveraging input , code , and execution . (2017 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by NikolasLavrikov . This book was preceded by the book 's authored by the latter . The book was also written in the same language . ( 2015 ) . NikolasHe was the authorship of the book that was written in '1821 .
Michael Schröder is the primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Germany and authored Michael Schroger : Automatische Objekt- und Threadverteilung in einer virtuellen Maschine . ( 2001 ) . The book is also authored by Michael Scharf and Franz J. Hauck : Juggle : Eine verteilte virtuelle MasChine für Java . ( 1999 ) .
Johannes Sebastian Mueller-Roemer is the primary affiliation of TU Darmstadt , Germany . He authored Daniel Weber et al.: A p-multigrid Algorithm using Cubic Finite Elements for Sparse Matrices with Compound Entries on GPUs . ( 2021 ) and Daniel M.M.R . ( 2014 ) . He was also the author of Daniel Ströter et al : Collateral Tetrahedral Mesh Editor with Immediate Simulations Into Web-based Compromated Computational Fluid Dynamics . (2020 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also the authored by the co-authored by the Deformation simulation using cubic finite elements and efficient Deformation Simulation . ( 2015 ) .
Maximilian Fickert is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following books : The authors of MaximilimilianFickert : A Novel Lookahead Strategy for Delete Relaxation Heuristics in Greedy Best-First Search ( 2022 ) , the authored by both Jörg Hoffmann : Ranking Conjunctions for Partial Delete Relaxations in Planning . (2017 ) and Maximoian Ficksert : The latter was authored by the latter was written in the same year . He also authored in the following order : Maximilia Fickett : The complete Local Search Using Estimates of Uncertainty . ( 2021 ) and the authored in Enforcement and heuristic search . (2022 ) . (2018 ) . The latter book was preceded by the written by the co-authored by the Karl Eifler et al.: Bounded-cost Search using Estimates ofuncertainty. (2021 .
The primary affiliation of Oldenbourg Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is Michael Müller 0006 which was authored by Michael M.M.E . in 1986 . The university is also the primary affiliation for the University of Gottingen .
The primary affiliation of the HPI , University of Potsdam in Germany is the company of Stefan Neumann 0002 which was authored by Thomas Vogel et al.: Modular timing analysis of component-based real-time embedded systems. ( 2009 ) and Andreas Seibel et al : Dynamic hierarchical mega models : comprehensive traceability and its efficient maintenance . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter .
The primary affiliation of TU Munich in Germany is Sebastian Bauer 0005 which is authored by Sebastian Bauer . The latter company is the publisher of Sebastian Bauer : Fehlerdiagnose bei Luftfahrttriebwerken . ( 1997 ) .
Alexander Bauer 0002 is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany and is authored by Alexander Bauer : Probabilistische Szenenmodelle für die Luftbildauswertung . ( 2014 ) .
The Sagearland University in Saarbrücken , Germany is the primary affiliation of Kim Herzig who authored the books : The impact of test ownership and team structure on the reliability and effectiveness of quality test runs . ( 2014 ) , Christopher Theisen et al.: Approximating Attack Surfaces with Stack Traces . ( 2015 ) , and the authors : Gotchas from mining bug reports . ( 2016 ) .
Michael Müller 0007 is the primary affiliation of Kaiserslautern University of Technology in Germany and was authored by him . The book was published in 1983 .
Davide Chicco and Giuseppe Jurman : Arterial Disease Computational Prediction and Health Record Feature Ranking Among Patients Diagnosed With Inflammatory Bowel Disease . ( 2021 ) is more reliable than balanced accuracy , bookmaker informedness , and markedness in two-class confusion matrix evaluation . ( 2014 ) . It was authored by Davidechco and Luca Oneto : Data analytics and clinical feature ranking of medical records of patients with sepsis . (2021 ) . The latter was preceded by the publication of the book Delphco et al.: The Matthews correlation coefficient ( MCC . ( 2011 ) . DavideChicco and Marco Masseroli : Extended Spearman and Kendall Coefficients for Gene Annotation List Correlation . (2014 ) . ( 2015 ) .
Jan Finis is the primary affiliation of Technische Universität München , Germany . He authored Jan P Finis et al.: Order Indexes : supporting highly dynamic hierarchical data in relational main-memory database systems . ( 2016 ) and Jan P. Finis : Eine effiziente Indexstruktur für dynamische hierarchische Daten . ( 2013 ) . ( 2015 ) . He was authored by Robert Brunel and Jan F.Eng . in the same year . He is the author of Jan M.F.E . He has also authored Jan E.I .I .E . In the Hybrid OLTP & OLAP Main-Memory Database System HyPer . ( 2014 ) .
Steffen Zeidler 0002 is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt in Germany . It is also the primary affiliate of SteffenZeidler 02 , which was authored by Steffen Zidler 0001 . The latter is affiliated with SteffenZidler LLC , which has Wolfgang Göttert 0001 as its primary affiliation .
Karl Hantzschmann is the primary affiliation of the University of Rostock in Germany and was authored by Jürgen Freytag et al.: Bachelor- und Master-Studiengaenge in der Informatik : Was ist und was soll die Akkreditierung von Informatikkstudiengängen . ( 2000 ) . He is also the author of the books : Karl Hartmann : Nachruf auf N. Joachim Lehmann 1921-1998 . ( 1998 ) and Jürg Freytag : Fehleruntersuchungen zur Lösung des inhomogenen natürlichen Randwertproblems durch einen Ritzschen Ansatz mit standardisierten Koordinatenfunktionen. ( 1970 ) and Karl Hartmutschmann ( 1998 . He was the authored Bypassen Tohrungen Gruppen Koln . ( 2003 ) .
Yongjie Yang 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Central South University , School of Information Science and Engineering in Changsha , China and was authored by Gábor Erdélyi et al.: Improved kernel and algorithm for claw and diamond free edge deletion based on refined observations . ( 2022 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Yongjiie Yang : On the Complexity of Constructive Control Under Nearly Single-Peaked Preferences . ( 2016 ) and `` GájieYang: On the Expertise : Solving Open Problems for Control in Elections . (2019 ) '' . The latter was preceded by the book 'Wenjun Li & Jianxin Wang : Complexity and Strategyproofness . (2018 ) . (2022 ) and 'YJie Yang ' which was written in the same language . ' which is the prequel to ' to ' that was the authored by ' to the ' ( 2016 .
Michael Braun 0003 is affiliated with the BMW Group Research in Munich , Germany and was authored by Michael Oehl et al.: Emotions in the Age of Automated Driving - Developing Use Cases for Empathic Cars . (2019 ) . He also authored Michael Braun et al : Emotion GaRage Vol. II : : A Workshop on Affective In-Vehicle Display Design . ( 2019 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany is Bernd Hofmann 0003 which authored the book Berndholmann : Beitrag zur digitalen pneumatischen Informationsverarbeitung mittels ternärer Logik . ( 1976 ) .
Andres Goens is a graduate of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and was authored by Andrés Goens and Jerónimo Castrillón : Analysis of Process Traces for Mapping Dynamic KPN Applications to MPSoCs . ( 2015 ) . He was also authored by Mocasin - Rapid Prototyping of Rapid P3ing Tools : A Framework for Exploring New Approaches in Mapping Software to Heterogeneous Multi-cores . (2019 ) and was also the author of the works of both the authors : Marten Lohstroh et al.: Reactors : A Deterministic Model for Composable Reactive Systems . (2021 ) and the authors , Andros Goens , who were in the same division . (2015 ) . And R & MPS . ( 2021 ) . In the latter was preceded by the works by the authors Andréctions . ( 2014 . Andres Goens . ( 2016 ) and Andrandimo Castillón : Addressed to MappingDynamic KPN applications to MP SoCs ( 2015 . ( 2019 ) . The latter was the authorship of which was also written by Andre Goens which was the authored by the latter . Andres was the author who was also in the works that was written by the author , Andresc Goens 's works and was the co-authored by Mapping Systems ( 2015-2021 and the latter is the authors of the others , which is also the work of the latter respectively . In addition to this they are the authors for the following : The authors of both Andrès Goens : On Compact Mappings for Multicore Systems (2019-1919 ) and Maximilian Odendahl & Co. ( 2014-2015 . He also authored the works for the latter which was in the following order : Molnating of Mapping & Poaling : Eterna : Mapping Dynamics : Affiliated with the Poaling Systems ( 2016-1921 ) , Molnolnating : MPS & Mapping for Energy-efficient Baseband Processing in Wireless Networks . ( 1921 ) was also preceded by Robert Khasanov et al : This is the authorisation of the books of Andrér et Al.: Domain-specific Hybrid Maps for Poaling Poaling and Mapping : Affirmative Systems (2015-1920 ) and MPS and Molnala : Addition to Poaling . ( 1923-1922 ) .
Peter Protzel 's primary affiliation is Fakultät für Elektrotechnik und Informationstechnik , Technische Universität Chemnitz . He was authored by Niko Sünderhauf et al.: Circular Convolutional Neural Networks for Panoramic Images and Laser Data in the year 2021 . He also authored the book `` Bella Bella '' which was co-authored by Peter Pöschmann and Niko Sanchez . The book `` Unsupervised Learning Methods for Visual Place Recognition in Discretely and Continuously Changing Environments . ( 2012 ) . ( 2015 ) . He is the author of both the book 'Stripped by 'Towards : Towards a robust back-end for pose graph SLAM . ( 2016 ) and 'Swed By ' which was preceded by 'Pipath mitigation in GNSS-based localization using robust optimization . ( 2013 ) .
The primary affiliation of Nadine Steinmetz is Ilmenau University in Germany and she is the author of the following books : `` Jörg Waitelonis et al.: Use What You Have : Yovisto Video Search Engine Takes a Semantic Turn . ( 2014 ) , '' `` Nadine Weinmetz and Kai-Uwe Sattler : COALA - A Rule-Based Approach to Answer Type Prediction . ( 2016 ) . ( 2012 ) , `` '' and `` '' . The latter was authored by Christian Hentschel et al : Cross-Dataset Learning of Visual Concepts. ( 2012 '' . ( 2013 ) . '' . and `` Eternals : Condiments of Named Entity Recognition for User-Generated Tags. ( 2011 ) .
Ahmed Hamdi 's primary affiliation is the University of La Rochelle , France and he is the author of the following books : Ahmed Hamd et al.: A Multilingual Dataset for Named Entity Recognition , Entity Linking and Stance Detection in Historical Newspapers . ( 2021 ) , Ahmed H.H.E . 's ( 2015 ) and 'E.L.C . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by him . It was also the authored by the latter 's co-authored by Ahmad Hamdi , which was also in the following : The latter is also the work . Ahmed Hamden et al. ( 2015 was also authored by Ahmed Hamda et al . It is the latter was the editor of the publication 's information-tagging of Tunisian Dialect Using Standard Arabic Resources and Tools . ( 2015 . and the latter is the work was also edited by the editor . It 's also the co-authored by the Gujarat Hamdi and the E.L . He was the author . The author of which was the ECLI . (2015 was the `` Information Extraction from Invoices . (2021 ) and was in the same publication was the Authored by the author 's Co-correction for 'TENIENIest Arabic Resources & Tools ( 2015-2021 . This publication was also preceded by the `` In addition to the `` AhmedHamdi et al., '' which was in turn authored by 'ECLI : '' . The ECLC ' was the authorship of `` Ahmed M.H .E . He has also authored : '' and 'ICLI ' and `` In this case ' was Ahmed Hamdem et al : '' which is the `` Authored By '' . This was the latter being the author : `` Ahmed HamDi : `` An Analysis of the Performance of Named Entity Identifier Recognition : Addités nommérisation dans la reconnaissance d'entités Nommées pour les documents historiques . (2020 -2021 -1921 .
Andreas Jahn 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Kassel in Germany and was authored in the following order : Andreas Kahn et al.: 5G / LTE Based Protection of Vulnerable Road Users : Detection of Crossing a Curb . ( 2015 ) , Andreas J.ahn et Al.: Focus on the User : A User Relative Coordinate System for Activity Detection . ( 2016 ) and Andreas J/Lloyd David : A Toolchain for Context Recognition : Automating the Investigation of a Multitude of Parameter Sets . (2015 ) . The latter is the authored by AndreasJahn and Klaus David 's work in the same order . The authors were the authors of the latter work in this publication . Andreas JK.E. ( 2016 . Andreasjahn & Klaus David : Improved activity recognition by using grouped activities . (2016 ) .
Nils Pancratz is the primary affiliation of the University of Oldenburg in Germany and was authored by Ira Diethelm and Ira Molnar . They are the authors of the books that were published in the following order : Nils pancratz : Vorstellungen von Lernenden zum Aufbau von Informatiksystemen : eine multimethodische Untersuchung Von Lernvoraussetzungen tot genschuchung von KI entdecken! ( 2021 ) , EIN-Wittings en Teilen Hebras et al.: Gemeinsam KI Entdecken ! (2021 ) ( 2016 ) , NilsPrais denken Hebruner 's Perceptions of Computer Science Concepts . ( 2016 -2021 . ( 2015 ) . ( 202021 - 2021 . It was preceded by the book `` Nilsprais '' ( 2015-2021-2022 .
Johannes Schauer Marin Rodrigues is the primary affiliation of Julius-Maximilians-Universität Würzburg , Germany and is the author of the books : The authors of the following : The following : Johannes Schau and Andreas Nüchter : Digitizing automotive production lines without interrupting assembly operations through an automatic voxel-based removal of moving objects in 3D Point Clouds . ( 2016 ) , and the book `` The KITTI dataset . '' . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by Johann Schauer . He was also authored by Pietro Abate and Andreas Schauer : Collision detection between point clouds using an efficient k-d tree implementation . (2013 ) . ( 2015 ) , the latter was preceded by the book 'Joharmar Rodrigues . ( 2014 ) .
Jan Kriege is the primary affiliation of TU Dortmund , Department of Computer Science in Germany and is authored by Peter Buchholz et al.: Modellierung korrelierter Eingabedaten für Simulationen . ( 2016 ) and Peter Bucholnz et Al.: Modelling Human Decisions in Performance and Dependability Models . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him and was preceded by the book `` Populistenzprüfung von ProC/B-Modellen zur Vorbereitung einer simulativen Analyse . '' in 2016 .
The University of Hamburg , Department of Informatics is the primary affiliation of Tobias Lang 0001 which is authored by both Tobias Lang and Marc Toussaint : Approximate inference for planning in stochastic relational worlds . ( 2009 ) and the authors of the books : Tovel Lang et al.: Active Learning for Teaching a Robot Grounded Relational Symbols . ( 2013 ) . ( 2014 ) , and the latter was authored by the latter in the same order . The latter was followed by the authors : Marc Toupart et al : Kognitive Robotik - Herausforderungen an Unser Verständnis natürlicher Umgebungen . (2013 ) .
Regina Fischer and Marlies Rogalski : Datenbankgestütztes Kosten- und Erlöscontrolling : Konzept und Realisierung einer entscheidungsorienerten Erfolgsrechnung ; 2. überarbeitete Auflage . ( 1995 ) is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Germany , where Benjamin Tannert and Hendrik Wöhrle are both leaders . It is also the location of the university where Regina Fischer 0001 is the current Dean .
Hui Huang 0015 , authored in 1990 , is the primary affiliation of the University of Bonn in Germany .
Nico Potyka is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Institute for Parallel and Distributed Systems in Germany . He was authored by both Christoph Beierle et al.: Extending and Completing Probabilistic Knowledge and Beliefs Without Bias and the Java Library Attractor . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of the books : `` NicoPotyka : Some Notes on the Factorization of probabilistic Logical Models under Maximum Entropy Semantics . ( 2013 ) and `` Bo Xiong et al : Semi-Riemannian Graph Convolutional Networks. ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , '' which was preceded by `` '' . ( 2015 . '' and `` '' , which was co-authored by `` `` by '' , `` The Poetyka: Interpreting Neural Networks as Gradual Argumentation Frameworks ( Including Proof Appendix . '' . , `` 2021 '' , '' both of which were authored by `` Christoph beierle & al.: Affirmations with Consistent and Inconsistent Information . ( 2022 . `` and `` He was also the authored by '' . The latter was also by `` The Coincidentally '' . He 's also the `` Coincidented by `` , ' which was also written by `` Heimings '' . `` . '' , the latter was followed by `` by `` Co. '' . '' in which `` Co' was previously written . '' ( 2016 . He has also been the co-author of `` Co . ' and `` Co ' , which in turn was the author ' of `` The `` Co -authored by '' `` `` `` Co-authored '' by `` BoXiong , '' while `` Co : Addressed to ' to `` Co: PoPoyka ' ( 2015 ) . This was the Co: Co: po : Solving Reasoning Problems for Compulsionary Conditional Logics with Compulsory and 'Novelty : Deliving Reasoning ' ( 2016-2015 . ' , ' and 'Otcheka : The General Framework for Minimum Entropy ' ( 2012 ) . ' . It was also preceded by ' ' by 'Tolting Reasoning : A Tutorial for Weighted Bipolar Argumentation with Conditional Systems and 'Influenced By ' including Proof . ( 1923 - 2016 . ' -2015 .
Jil Klünder 's primary affiliation is Leibniz University Hannover , Germany and he is the author of the following books : Nils Prenner et al.: Defining Frames to Structure Agile Development in Hybrid Settings - A Multi-Case Interview Study. ( 2022 ) , Marc Herrmann and Jilklünder : From Textual to Verbal Communication : Towards Applying Sentiment Analysis to a Software Project Meeting - A Case Study . ( 2021 ) - A Systematic Literature Review . (2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . This publication was preceded by the book by the authors : These are the authors . (2018 ) . It was also authored in the following year . The authors were also the authors of this publication . Jil Karras et al . Linking Use Cases and Associated Requirements - A Software project Meeting .
The Technische Universität Dresden in Germany is the primary affiliation of Denise Bornschein . She is the author of the books : Denise Prescher et al.: Comparing Two Approaches of Tactile Zooming on a Large Pin-Matrix Device . (2017 ) , the authors : Martin Spindler et al : Translating Floor Plans into Directions . ( 2012 ) , and the book `` DenisePrescher & Gerhard Weber : Comparing two Approaches : Compiling Two Methods : Determining Properties of the Electronic Purity Modifier . ( 2014 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the book by the prequel to the publication of the printed circuit . ( 2015 ) . and the author : Collaborative Creation of the HyperBraille pin-matrix . (2015 ) .
The University of Bonn in Germany is the primary affiliation of Martin Fischer 0005 which was authored by Dieter W. Fellner and Martin Fischer : Computer graphics interface ( CGI ) , a good concept and a valuable tool for research and teaching in computer graphics . ( 1996 ) and Jens Ketterer et al.: On Spatial Quantization of Color Images . ( 1998 ) .
Louisa Kessi et al.: AColDPS - Robust Unsupervised Automatic Color Segmentation System for Noisy Heterogeneous Document Images. ( 2015 ) , was authored by her and is affiliated with the University of La Rochelle , Laboratoire L3i in France . The latter is where she is the primary affiliation of the university . It is also where she has her primary course . The book was published in the year 2015 . It was followed by the book `` Quoc Bao Dang et al : An Efficient Image Registration Method based on Modified NonLocal-Means - Application to Color Business Document Images . ( 2021 ) . This book was also authored by the previous year . The previous book was written by the latter was also written by her . The work was also known as `` Louis AColDSS : RobustUnsupervised automatic Color Efficient New PDE-based Characters Reconstruction after Graphics Removal . ( 2016 ) . ( 2015 . '' and the book was the authored by `` L'ACLDPS – L'Almeans - L'Assemblating Systems '' and was also followed by 'L' which was written in the same author . It ' was also the book 's author . The LCLDDSS ' , which was also preceded by the LCLI ' which is also the work of which was preceded by 'Towards the Competing By-fact ' which was the previous authored by Louisa Mckessi , who is the author of 'LL' in 2015 . That book was previously authored by 'ACLI' and was the prequel to 'Lala Kessis et al . which was authored in the Year 2015 . This was the co-authored by LLA based on 'LLA was also in the previous book 'LCLI was also published in '1916 . This is the book that was followed ' by 'Unsupersupervised detection based on spatial relationships : Application for object detection and recognition of the Logical Structure of Business Documents Based on Spatial Relationships . ' and it was the author 's work that was written after 'LlA KessI et al!: AcolDPS ' and 'Alto ACLI & ' in '2015 and 'TLA was the sequel to ' LLAKessi ' and was written under 'LlaKessis ' . That was the book which was later followed by `` Louisa' et
Joachim Clemens is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Cognitive Neuroinformatics in Germany . He was authored by Thomas Reineking and Joachimo Clemens : Emidential FastSLAM for grid mapping. ( 2013 ) and the Andreas Grimmer et al.: Formal methods for reasoning and uncertainty reduction in evidential grid maps. ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored in the same year . He is also the author of the book `` JoachIM Clemens and Kerstin Schill : Extended Kalman filter with the manifold state representation for navigating a maneuverable melting probe . (2017 ) . It was preceded by the book 's ( 2018 ) .
Daniel E Maurer : Expertensystem für die Störungsdiagnose anlagen von Gebäuden is authored by Daniel E. Maurer . He is the primary affiliation of ETH Zürich , Switzerland , which is affiliated with both Siyu Tang 0001 and Yan Zhang 0054 .
The primary affiliation of TU Darmstadt in Germany is the company of Axel Schmidt 0001 which was authored by Lucie Langer et al.: An Evaluation and Certification Approach to Enable Voting Service Providers . ( 2009 ) . The company is also the author of the LucieLanger & al.: Condensed Privacy and Verifiability Requirements for Electronic Voting. (2009 ) and the L.L.R . (2009) . The latter is the authorship of the latter . The L.R.E . paper which was also authored by the company 's parent company , which is also known as the `` L.E.W.L . '' and the associated with the information about the electronic elections providing voter-verifiability in the bulletin board model . ( 2008 .
Helmut Hoyer is the primary affiliation of the University of Hagen in Germany and is the author of the following books : Michael Gerke et al.: From Simulation to Virtual Reality : A Robotic Application . ( 1994 ) , Ein Beitrag zur Entwicklung von digitalen Differentialanalysatoren für den Einsatz in Hybridrechnern. ( 1980 ) . He was authored by Helmut Hartoyer and his co-authored by Thomas Berkel et al . He is also the co-author of `` Martin Witte et al ! Virtuelles Labor-Nutzung in Echtzeit für Robotersysteme. (1997 ) . ( 1998 ) and `` Migrationsstrategie e-Learning . ( 1997 ) .
Sven Müelich is the primary affiliation of the University of Ulm in Germany and was authored by Robert F. H. Fischer and Martin Bossert . He is the author of the books `` Sven M.Weld et al.: Low-Rank Matrix Recovery using Gabidulin Codes in Characteristic Zero . (2017 ) , 'Sweden ' and 'Swedelich : A New Helper Data Scheme for Soft-Decision Decoding of Binary Physical Unclonable Functions ' ( 2022 ) and 'Sven M.W.F.C . (2022 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by 's ' which was written in the same year . ' . and 's `` Sven Puchinger et al.C. (2019 ' (2015 .
René Weller is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Faculty of Mathematics , Computer Science . He authored J. Cepok et al.: Kinaptic - Techniques and insights for creating competitive accessible 3D games for sighted and visually impaired users in the year 2016 . He was authored by Gabor Scharf and Rene Hartel . He is also the author of J.Cepok & al.: Identifier : A Reactive Multithreaded Pipeline Library for 3D Telepresence in VR . ( 2016 ) . He and Gabriel Zachmann : The latter was also the authored by Jörn Teuber et al . That publication was preceded by the work that was followed by the book J.D.L.I . That book was also written in the entity-component-system pattern for realtime interactive systems. ( 2016 .
Meriem Trabelsi is the primary affiliation of the Tunis University in Tunisia and is the author of the books , Nahla Ben Amor et al.: Solving possibilistic games with Incomplete Information . ( 2022 ) and , also in the same year , the book , 'M'Titan 's `` Ordinal Polymatrix Games with In complete Information . '' .
The Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster , WWU , Germany is the primary affiliation of Muhammad Jawad 0002 which was authored in the following order : The following books were published in the year 2021 : The book was preceded by the book `` Muhammad Jawade et al.: Interactive Visual Analysis of Mass Spectrometry Imaging Data Using Linear and non-Linear Embeddings . (2019 ) . ( 2016 ) and the book '1921 . It was also authored by the following authors : The latter was also written in the same order : `` The Reference Study for the Study of Human Brain Tumors . ( 2021 ) , '' Muhammad J.D . (2021 ) and '1922 . (2020 ) , '1929 . ' and '2021 ' ( 2016 .
The University of Bonn in Germany is affiliated to Martin Koch 0005 which authored Martin Koch : Microarrayanalyse gynäkologischer Tumorentitäten . ( 2013 ) .
The primary affiliation of André Janus 0001 is the University of Magdeburg in Germany and it is the author of the books Andre Janus : Konzepte für Agile Qualitätssicherung und -bewertung in Wartungs- und Weiterentwicklungs/Projekten . ( 2012 ) and André Jus : Andréjus et al.: The 3C approach for agile quality assurance . ( 2013 ) . The latter was also authored by Andr Janus . This book was also the co-authored by Andréjanus . The 3D approaches for agile software development model (ASDM ) .
The primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany is Yana Momchilova Mileva which is authored by YanaMomchilva et al.: Illumination-Robust Variational Optical Flow with Photometric Invariants . ( 2007 ) and Andreas Zeller : Assessing Modity via usage changes . ( 2011 ) . The latter is the authored work of Yana M.M.L.A .
Frank M. A. Klingert is the primary affiliation of Fulda University of Applied Science , Department of Applied Computer Science . He is the author of Frank M . A.Klingert and Matthias Meyer : Comparing Prediction Market Mechanisms Using An Experiment-Based and Micro Validated Multi-Agent Simulation . ( 2012 ) and the book Frank M M.A.M.Meyer : The study of what happens when an experiment-based and MicroValidated M.Ag .Simulation . ( 2018 ) .
Andreas J. W. Goldschmidt is the author of Gerrit Hornung et al.: Die künftige Telematik-Rahmenarchitektur im Gesundheitswesen - Recht , Technologie , Infrastruktur und Ökonomie . ( 2005 ) and his primary affiliation is the University of Trier , Germany . He is the primary affiliation of the university which is affiliated with the Sergej Chludov school . He was authored by Gabor . He also has the academic school of physics . He has also been the Dean of Technology .
Frederik Beuth is the primary affiliation of the Chemnitz University of Technology , Department of Computer Science in Germany . He was authored by both Nisnab Udas et al.: Concept Detection in Medical Images using Xception Models - TUCMC at ImageCLEFmed 2020 . (2020 ) and Tobias Schlosser et al : A Novel Visual Fault Detection and Classification System for Semiconductor Manufacturing Using Stacked Hybrid Convolutional Neural Networks . ( 2021 ) . He is the authored by the latter . The latter was preceded by the authors , who are also in the same journal . He has also written in the following order : The Performance of a Biologically Inspired Hexagonal Deep Learning for Hexagonal Image Generation . (2022 ) . ( 2016 ) .
Alan Akbik is the primary affiliation of the Humboldt University of Berlin , Department of Computer Science , Germany . He is the author of the following books : Alan Akbulik et al.: Automatic Preservation Watch using Information Extraction on the Web. ( 2013 ) , Leonidas Lefakis and Roland Vollgraf : The Projector : An Interactive Annotation Projection Visualization Tool. (2017 ) . ( 2021 ) . He was also the authored by the latter . He has also authored by Lettcher : A Multi-modal Corpus of Fashion Images and Descriptions in German . ( 2016 ) and the Weltmodell : A Data-Driven Commonsense Knowledge Base . (2021 ) , the latter being the authors of the latter publication . ( 2018 .
Johannes Leupolz is the primary affiliation of the University of Augsburg in Germany . He is the author of the following publications : Axel Habermaier et al.: Unified Simulation , Visualization , and Formal Analysis of Safety-Critical Systems with S#. ( 2016 ) , and also of the publications : The following : Hemodialysis machine with S/2015 , and the following : The latter was also authored by him . He has also written the works : The publication of the journal 'Axel Habermeier et Al.: Quantitative and qualitative safety analysis of a hemodialization and measurement for Efficient Formal Safety Analysis of the same . ( 2016 . He was preceded by the publication of The journal 's `` ZERO Quantitative & qualitative and quantitative analysis of the latter was carried out in the same year .
Timo Kehrer is the primary affiliation of the University of Bern , Institute of Computer Science in Switzerland . He authored TimoKehrer et al.: An Adaptable Tool Environment for High-level Differencing of Textual Models . ( 2015 ) , Maike Basmer and Timokehrer : An Exploration of Sustainability Thinking in Research Software Engineering . ( 2018 ) , and the latter was authored by Timohrer and Birgit Penzenstadler : An Affiliating Edit Operations for Profiled UML Models. ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored in the same year . TimoHrer , TimoEchoating Large EMF Models Efficiently - A Rule-Based , Configurable Approach to A Case Study . (2019 ) . (2018 ) .
The University of Bonn in Germany is the primary affiliation of Martin Fischer 0005 which was authored by Dieter W. Fellner and Martin Fischer : Computer graphics interface ( CGI ) , a good concept and a valuable tool for research and teaching in computer graphics . ( 1996 ) and Jens Ketterer et al.: On Spatial Quantization of Color Images . ( 1998 ) .
The Max Planck Institute for Informatics ( MPII ) is the primary affiliation of Franziska Mueller 0001 which was authored by Srinath Sridhar et al.: Real-time Joint Tracking of a Hand Manipulating an Object from RGB-D Input . ( 2016 ) and Jalees Nehvi et al : Differentiable Event Stream Simulator for Non-Rigid 3D Tracking. ( 2021 ) . ( 2018 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was also authored by Jiayi Wang , who is the author of the book that was also published in the same publication . The book was also written in the following order : `` Dushyant Mehta et al*: Single-Shot Multi-person 3D Pose Estimation from Monocular RGB. (2018 ) .
Andreas Wittmann 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg and was authored by Andreas Werten . The university 's primary affiliation is the Technical College Andreas which is affiliated with the university .
Thomas Winkler 0006 is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Magdeburg in Germany . It is the author of the Eine Methode zur Bestimmung optimaler Instandhaltungsstrategien für redundante Systeme . ( 1983 ) .
The primary affiliation of Marburg University in Germany is the Markus Ruffing 0001 which was authored in 1994 . The university 's primary affiliation is the Mark Ruffing Institute for the Study of Profil einer Datenbank .
Yongjie Yang 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Central South University , School of Information Science and Engineering in Changsha , China and was authored by Gábor Erdélyi et al.: Improved kernel and algorithm for claw and diamond free edge deletion based on refined observations . ( 2022 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Yongjiie Yang : On the Complexity of Constructive Control Under Nearly Single-Peaked Preferences . ( 2016 ) and `` GájieYang: On the Expertise : Solving Open Problems for Control in Elections . (2019 ) '' . The latter was preceded by the book 'Wenjun Li & Jianxin Wang : Complexity and Strategyproofness . (2018 ) . (2022 ) and 'YJie Yang ' which was written in the same language . ' which is the prequel to ' to ' that was the authored by ' to the ' ( 2016 .
Alekh Jindal and Matteo Interlandi : Machine Learning for Cloud Data Systems : the Promise , the Progress , and the Path Forward . ( 2021 ) , was authored by Alekhjian and Hiren Patel et al.: Big Data Processing at Microsoft : Hyper Scale , Massive Complexity , and Minimal Cost . ( 2014 ) . It is the primary affiliation of Alekhlamish Pimpley et al .
The University of Kaiserslautern , Germany is the primary affiliation of the Markus Junker 0002 which was authored by Andreas P. Schmidt and Mark Junker . The authors are Armin Hust et al.: Combining Ontologies and Document Retrieval Techniques : A Case Study for an E-Learning Scenario . ( 2002 ) and ArminHoch : Clarifying OCR and Non-OCR Text Representations for Learning Document Classifiers . ( 2003 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It is also the author of the Markus Junker which was preceded by the book Arminjunker and Andreas Junker : Mining Documents for Complex Semantic Relations by the Use of Context Classification . (2002 ) . This book was also published in the same year . It was also authored by both the latter and the book 's authors .
Bernhard Schätz is the primary affiliation of TU Munich , Department of Informatics , Germany . He is the author of the following books : Klaus Becker et al.: Anforderungsanalyse in der modellbasierten Entwicklung am Beispiel von AutoFocus . ( 2014 ) , Tamas Szabó & al.: mbeddr - Extensible Languages for Embedded Software Development . ( 2016 ) and Dagmar Koß & Co . ( 2004 ) . He authored the latter . He was also the co-authored by the latter in the same work . He has also worked with the Gruppe Eingebettete Systeme ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by the Gruppo . ( 2012 ) and the latter by the Co. ( 2014 .
The Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster , WWU , Germany is the primary affiliation of Muhammad Jawad 0002 which was authored in the following order : The following books were published in the year 2021 : The book was preceded by the book `` Muhammad Jawade et al.: Interactive Visual Analysis of Mass Spectrometry Imaging Data Using Linear and non-Linear Embeddings . (2019 ) . ( 2016 ) and the book '1921 . It was also authored by the following authors : The latter was also written in the same order : `` The Reference Study for the Study of Human Brain Tumors . ( 2021 ) , '' Muhammad J.D . (2021 ) and '1922 . (2020 ) , '1929 . ' and '2021 ' ( 2016 .
The University of Hamburg , Department of Informatics is the primary affiliation of Tobias Lang 0001 which is authored by both Tobias Lang and Marc Toussaint : Approximate inference for planning in stochastic relational worlds . ( 2009 ) and the authors of the books : Tovel Lang et al.: Active Learning for Teaching a Robot Grounded Relational Symbols . ( 2013 ) . ( 2014 ) , and the latter was authored by the latter in the same order . The latter was followed by the authors : Marc Toupart et al : Kognitive Robotik - Herausforderungen an Unser Verständnis natürlicher Umgebungen . (2013 ) .
Sergio Roa is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following works : Sergio Roas et al.: Mapping between Compositional Semantic Representations and Lexical Semantic Resources : Towards Accurate Deep Semantic Parsing . ( 2008 ) , Sergio RoA et al : Fundamental Frequency Estimation Based on Pitch-Scaled Harmonic Filtering . ( 2007 ) , and SergioRoa & Fernando Niño : Classification of Natural Language Sentences using Neural Networks . ( 2003 ) . The latter was authored by him . ( 2004 ) and the latter was written in 2016 . He also authored in the same language . ( 2016 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany is Bernd Hofmann 0003 which authored the book Berndholmann : Beitrag zur digitalen pneumatischen Informationsverarbeitung mittels ternärer Logik . ( 1976 ) .
The University of Gottingen in Germany is affiliated with the university of Oliver Wannenwetsch and is the primary affiliation of the University of Göttingen . The university was authored by Stefan Kolb 0003 which is affiliated to the Institute of Entwicklung und Anwendung bei der Auswahl von Methoden zur Optimierung von Simulationsmodellen . ( 1992 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Dresden , Germany is the company of Susanne Strahringer who authored the books : Michael Könning et al.: A Systematic Review of Recent Developments in IT Outsourcing Research. (2019 ) , Komponentenbasierte Anwendungsentwicklung und Configuration- und Change-Management . ( 1998 ) and The Case of Siemens ShareNet . ( 2006 ) .
The primary affiliation of Yiwei Cao is the RWTH Aachen University in Germany and they are the authors of the following books : The following are the publications : The authors : The Dejan Kovachev et al.: Mobile Cloud Computing : A Comparison of Application Models ( 2011 ) , the printed works : The latter was authored by YiweiCao , which is in the following order : `` Yiwei : Intergenerational Community Learning Supported by a Hypermedia Afghan Sites and Monuments Database . ( 2005 ) , '06 , '07 , '08 , '09 and '09 , '10 , '12 , '13 , '16 , '17 , '29 , '30 , '01 , '02 , '03 , '05 , '11 , '14 , '15 , '28 , ' was written by '06 and '08 . ' , the latter was also authored by '09 . The latter by '08 and '12 ' was also the authored by Dej Kovachev & al.:Mobile Cloud Computing: A Comparison Of Application Models ' ( 2011 and '10 respectively . '16 and '16 respectively , and '17 respectively . This was the co-authored by the latter is the latter by the Chinese language , which was also written by the Dejvchow '09-09 , and was also in the same author was the pre-written by '16 ' , as was '09 ' , in the latter ' , and is also the author of '08-2015 . This is the prequel to '16-2015 ' which is the `` YIwei Cao : Uncertainty handling in mobile community information systems , ' which was the authorship of '06-09 . This latter was followed by '07-09 by 'YIweiCourier ' , which in turn was the author : '08 ' , 'Wywei Cao ' , whose primary affiliation is Ralf Klamma et Al.: Construction on the Web 2.0 as a New Means of Creating Arts . ( 2009-2015 , and the latter has been authored by `` Xiuwei Cao et al : Irrespective Personal Learning Environments by Context-Aware Tagging . (2010-09 ) . ' and '07 was '08 - '09 - '10 ' - which was written in '09 respectively .
Peter Becker 0001 is affiliated with the University of Applied Sciences , Institute of Visual Computing , St. Augustin , Germany and was authored by Peter Becker and Stefan Müller : Verteiltes Modell-Management und Objektbanken für diskrete Probleme und diskrete Strukturen . ( 1996 ) and Peter Becker : Construction of Nearly Optimal Multiway Trees . ( 1995 ) . It is authored by both Peter Becker & Peter Dettmar et al.: Efficient Mesoscopic Simulations for Persistent Agents in 3D-Applications and Games . ( 2013 ) . The latter was also authored by Hans Argenton . Peter Becker .
Michael J. Klaiber is the primary affiliation of the Bosch Corporate Research in Renningen , Germany . He authored the books : T.Lefeure et al.: An End-to-End HW/SW Co-Design Methodology to Design Efficient Deep Neural Network Systems using Virtual Models . ( 2016 ) , Lars Rockstroh & al.: Correlation of image data using fermat number transform based on two's complement . ( 2012 ) and Efficient Hardware Architecture for Connected Component . ( 2013 ) . He is also the author of the books `` Seyyed Mahdi Najmabadi et al>: Correlation and Delveillance of the Pointers - Image Analytics on Big Data in Motion . ( 2014 ) . ( 2015 ) .
Andreas F. Koschan is the primary affiliation of the University of Tennessee , Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science . He was authored by both Heterogeneous Fusion of Omnidirectional and PTZ Cameras for Multiple Object Tracking ( 2008 ) and by the authors of both the books `` Gigi Yamel Bouchech et al.: Studies on the Effectiveness of Multispectral Images for Face Recognition : Comparative Studies and New Approaches . ( 2005 ) . '' He was also authored by `` Chung-Hao Chen et Al.: Estimating Illumination Chromaticity via Kernel Regression . '' . ( 2006 ) . ( 2008 . '' and `` Reinhard Klette et al.-Rasmal and CTZChere Information aus digitalen Bildern . '' ( 1996 ) .
Max E. Kramer is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology , SDQ in Germany . He is the author of the following books : Max E Kramer et al.: A Controlled Experiment Template for Evaluating the Understandability of Model Transformation Languages. ( 2016 ) was authored by Jörg Kienzle : Mapping Aspect-Oriented Models to Aspect Oriented Code. (2010 ) and the Decemelded Modifications for Different Levels of Abstraction . ( 2011 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was also authored by Max EJ. Kramer and the latter was preceded by Materyna Yurchenko & Kirill Rakhman : Automated Inversion of Attribute Mappings in Bidirectional Model Transformations . ( 2016 . (2015 ) . He was also the authored by the latter . He has also authored the book The Decelded Code ( 2015 .
Andreas Rau 0001 is the primary affiliation of the CISPA in Saarbrücken , Germany and was authored in the following order : AndreasRau et al.: Efficient GUI test generation by learning from tests of other apps. ( 2018 ) , Andreas Ruse et al : Transferring Tests Across Web Applications. ( 2016 ) , and Andreas Rostrovig et Al.: Predicting behavior anomalies in graphical user interfaces. ( 2013 ) .
Kristina Yordanova is the primary affiliation of the University of Rostock , Institute of Computer Science in Germany . She authored Martin Nyolt et al.: Checking Models for Activity Recognition ( 2015 ) , the authors of which , are Frank Krüger et al : Towards Tool Support for Computational Causal Behavior Models for ( 2016 ) and the authors Tomz Sosnowski and KristinaY.Yordanova : A probabilistic conversational agent for intelligent tutoring systems . ( 2015 . The latter was also authored in the same year . It was followed by the work in the following : Advances in large state spaces . (2021 ) . ( 2016 . It is the authored by Frank Krussweghereh et al . ( 2012 ) .
Aviad Rubinstein and Virginia Vassilevska Williams are both affiliated with Stanford University . They authored the works of the following : Mark Braverman et al.: ETH Hardness for Densest-k-Subgraph with Perfect Completeness in P. (2017 ) , Mika Göös and AviAd Rubinstein : Near-Optimal Communication Lower Bounds for Approximate Nash Equilibria . ( 2018 ) and Zhao Song : Reducing approximate Longest Common Subsequence to approximate Edit Distance . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter . They were both authored by Aviads Rubinstein . ( 2016 ) . They are the authors of the latter work . It was also authored by Mika Gottinger et al . ( 2017 ) .
The primary affiliation of Matthias Hiller is Technical University in Munich , Germany and he is the author of the books : Michael Pehl et al.: Efficient Evaluation of Physical Unclonable Functions Using Entropy Measures ( 2016 ) , MatthiasHiller and Georg Sigl : Increasing the efficiency of the associated key management system for PUF-based security enclosures . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by the authors : M. Hiller and Aysun Gurur Önalan : Hiding Secrecy Leakage in Leaky Helper Data . (2017 ) . ( 2016 . and the latter was also written by the author .
Thomas Thüm is the primary affiliation of TU Braunschweig , Institute of Software Engineering and Automotive Informatics , Germany . He authored Hagen Schink et al.: A Study on Tool Support for Refactoring in Database Applications. ( 2016 ) and the authors of the following : Alexander Knüppel et al : Skill-Based Verification of Cyber-Physical Systems. ( 2018 ) , Thomas Thulm et al . ( 2016 . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by Thomas Thuhm . He was also the author of the book `` Reiner Jung et al ; Addressed Challenges . (2019 ) . ( 2015 ) . He also authored the book 's `` Sven Apel & al.: Feature-interaction detection based on feature-based specifications . ( 2013 ) and 'Sloia Ananieva et al.; Implicit constraints in partial feature models . (2013 ) .
The Humboldt University of Berlin in Germany is affiliated with Klaus Friedrich 0001 who authored Klaus Friedrich : Die Entwicklung der Informationstechnologien in der Kernforschung unter den Bedingungen der wissenschaftlich-technischen Revolution . ( 1987 ) .
Jan Finis is the primary affiliation of Technische Universität München , Germany . He authored Jan P Finis et al.: Order Indexes : supporting highly dynamic hierarchical data in relational main-memory database systems . ( 2016 ) and Jan P. Finis : Eine effiziente Indexstruktur für dynamische hierarchische Daten . ( 2013 ) . ( 2015 ) . He was authored by Robert Brunel and Jan F.Eng . in the same year . He is the author of Jan M.F.E . He has also authored Jan E.I .I .E . In the Hybrid OLTP & OLAP Main-Memory Database System HyPer . ( 2014 ) .
Astrid Nieße is the primary affiliation of Carl Von Ossietzky University of Oldenburg in Germany and is authored by Alexandra Pehlken et al.: Einsatz von Künstlicher Intelligenz in der Digitalisierung von Abfallverbrennungskraftwerken . (2017 ) and Michael Sonnenschein : A Fully Distributed Continuous Planning Approach for Decentralized Energy Scenarios with Automated Information Exchange . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by the book `` Jan Sören Schwarz & Co . '' . ( 2016 ) . It is the authorship of the latter . The book was also authored by the latter in the same journal . It was also the authored by Aandid Niese and the latter was the book 's co-authored by Alexander Petrovich .
The Polytechnic of Porto is affiliated to Konstantinos Bletsas and Stefan M. Petters . They are the authors of the following books : Borislav Nikolic et al.: Worst-Case Communication Delay Analysis for NoC-Based Many-Cores Using a Limited Migrative Model . ( 2016 ) , Guillem Bernat & al.: WCET Analysis of Probabilistic Hard Real-Time System . ( 2002 ) and Robert I. Davis et al : Global fixed priority scheduling with deferred pre-emption . ( 2013 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . Heiko Falk et al . emsoft'12 invited talk session outline . ( 2012 ) and the latter was also authored by Stefan M Petters in the same year .
Shadan Sadeghian Borojeni : Supporting Take-over Situations in Highly Automated Driving (2019 ) was authored by both Frank Flemisch et al.: Making HSI More Intelligent : Human Systems Exploration Versus Experiment for the Integration of Humans and Artificial Cognitive Systems . ( 2018 ) . He is the primary affiliation of the University of Siegen in Germany . He also authored Shadan Sanchez : Comparing Shape-Changing and Vibro-Tactile Steering Wheels for Take-Over Procedures in HighlyAutomated Driving . (2017 ) and ShadanSadeghia Borojen et al : Assisting Drivers with Ambient Take-Univision Workshop on Designing Technologies for Future Forms of Sustainable Mobility . (2020 ) .
Benjamin Tannert is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen in Germany and authored the books : Anke Marei Brock et al.: SIG : Making Maps Accessible Barriers Using Cost-Benefit Analysis to Design Reliable Navigation Services for Wheelchair Users . ( 2018 ) , He also authored : Digitale Medien für Menschen mit Lernschwierigkeiten Entwicklung und Erprobung eines mobilen Assistenzsystems für kontextbezogenes Lernen . ( 2021 ) . He was authored in the same year . He is the author of the book that led to the publication of the work that was preceded by the book `` Ankemmarrantisation Systems for People with Mobility Impairments . (2018 ) .
The primary affiliation of Tilmann Rabl is the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam , Germany . They are the authors of the books Todor Ivanov et al.: Big Data , High Performance Computing , and Machine Learning Benchmarks. ( 2021 ) and the books Clemens Lutz & al.: Pump Up the Volume : Processing Large Data on GPUs with Fast Interconnects . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the latter and the latter by the former . They were also written in the same year . The book was also published in the following order : Paul Cao et al . TPCx-BB : Standardization of a Big Data Benchmark. ( 2016 . It was also authored in the year 2016 . Both were authored by The Fall 2016 and the following year .
The primary affiliation of André Janus 0001 is the University of Magdeburg in Germany and it is the author of the books Andre Janus : Konzepte für Agile Qualitätssicherung und -bewertung in Wartungs- und Weiterentwicklungs/Projekten . ( 2012 ) and André Jus : Andréjus et al.: The 3C approach for agile quality assurance . ( 2013 ) . The latter was also authored by Andr Janus . This book was also the co-authored by Andréjanus . The 3D approaches for agile software development model (ASDM ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Berlin , Germany is the company of Ronny Hänsch who authored the books : The Trap Of Random Sampling and How to Avoid It - Alternative Sampling Strategies for a Realistic Estimate of the Generalization Error. ( 2015 ) , The Outcome of the 2021 IEEE GRSS Data Fusion Contest - Track MSD : Multitemporal Semantic Change Detection. (2022 ) and The Relationship between sampling strategies and the estimation of the generalization error. (2017 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the company 's co-authored by the author : Andreas Reigber et al.: Foundations for building detection in polarimetric SAR information. ( 2016) . (2021 ) .
Gabriela Molinar 0001 is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology ( KIT ) in Germany and her primary work is Gabriel Molinar et al.: Ein LAMA geht online : Wie Machine-Learning-Kompetenzen durch praxisnahe Problemstellungen gefördert werden können . ( 2021 ) . The latter was authored by Gabriella Molinar 03 which is also the author of Gabriello Molinar 0901 which is the co-authored by Gabiela Alejandra Molinar Torres . (2020 ) . Gabrile Molinar was the authored by Gated Recurrent Unit Networks . (2019 ) . It was also the primary employer of Gaborli Mowen .
Eckhard Koch : Ein kohärentoptisches Filterverfahren für die Zeichenerkennung . ( 1981 ) is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany , which is affiliated with the Christian Hütter 0003 and Rolf Zimmermann 0001 . The primary affiliation is the Andres Goens .
The primary affiliation of Jin Liu 0001 is Heinrich-Hertz-Institut für Nachrichtentechnik GmbH in Berlin , Germany . It was authored by both Sheng-Wen Shih and Robert Skerjanc . The book `` Jin Liu et al.: Real-time Head Tracking in a Multimodal Interface with Changes in Geometry and Illumination . ( 2001 ) . '' and the book `` The novelties to 3-D gaze tracking using stereo cameras . ( 2004 ) . ( 1999 ) . It is the authored by the latter . '' . This book was also written by the former in the following : An Experimental Multimedia System Allowing 3D Visualization and Eye-Controlled Interaction Without User-Worn Devices. ( 1999 '' . ( 2000 ) .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Matthias Nagel 0001 which is authored by Gunnar Hartung et al.: BBA+ : Improving the Security and Applicability of Privacy-Preserving Point Collection . (2017 ) and by Brandon Broadnax et al : P6V2G : a privacy-preserving V2G scheme for two-way payments and reputation . ( 2018 ) . The latter was authored by the latter 's co-authored by the authors , Brandon Dowsley & al.: A survey on design and implementation of protected searchable data in the cloud . (2018 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Darmstadt in Germany is the company of Axel Schmidt 0001 which was authored by Lucie Langer et al.: An Evaluation and Certification Approach to Enable Voting Service Providers . ( 2009 ) . The company is also the author of the LucieLanger & al.: Condensed Privacy and Verifiability Requirements for Electronic Voting. (2009 ) and the L.L.R . (2009) . The latter is the authorship of the latter . The L.R.E . paper which was also authored by the company 's parent company , which is also known as the `` L.E.W.L . '' and the associated with the information about the electronic elections providing voter-verifiability in the bulletin board model . ( 2008 .
Peter Fischer 0007 is the primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen , Germany and authored Peter Fischer : Optimierende Steuerung paralleler Transportprozesse mit Methoden der Wissensverarbeitung . ( 1994 ) .
Avikarsha Mandal is the primary affiliation of Hochschule Offenburg , Germany and is authored by Avikarha Mandal and Frederik Armknecht et al.: Privacy-Preserving Distributed Economic Dispatch Protocol for Smart Grid Systems . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Avikasha Mandal : On security and privacy of consensus-based protocols in blockchain and smart grid. (2020 ) . '' which was authored by the authors of both `` Lasse Nitz et al : Towards Privacy Preserving Consensus-Based Economic Dispatch in SmartGrid Systems. ( 2016 '' and `` '' . ( 2015 ) . The latter was also the book that was published in the same year . '' . The book was preceded by '' by `` '' , which was also written by `` Frederikandery : Overview and Outlook . (2015 '' .
Manuel Wimmer 's primary affiliation is Johannes Kepler University Linz , Austria . He is authored by both Gerti Kappel et al.: Model Transformation By-Example : A Survey of the First Wave . ( 2012 ) and Alexander Bergmayr et al : From Architecture Modeling to Application Provisioning for the Cloud by Combining UML and TOSCA . ( 2016 ) . He has also authored by H.K.Lanzenberger et al . The latter two and the latter two . He was authored by J.T.E . ( 2014 . He also wrote in the same book . He authored by K.L. ( 2016 .
The University of Münster in Germany is the primary affiliation of Norbert Becker 0002 which is authored by Norbert Becker . The book was published in 1990 and is authored in ökonomischen Differenzengleichungssystemen .
The German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence , DFKI , Kaiserslautern , Germany is the primary affiliation of Jason Rambach . He was authored by Yaxu Xie et al.: PlaneSegNet : Fast and Robust Plane Estimation Using a Single-stage Instance Segmentation CNN. ( 2021 ) and also by Yongzhi Su et al : SynPo-Net - Accurate and Fast CNN-Based 6DoF Object Pose Estimation using Synthetic Training . (2021 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . He is the author of the book which was published in the same year . The book was written in the previous year . It was preceded by the book `` XaxuXI : A6DoF object pose estimation dataset and benchmark for multi-state assembly objects . ( 2022 ) . It has been authored in the past .
Frank M. A. Klingert is the primary affiliation of Fulda University of Applied Science , Department of Applied Computer Science . He is the author of Frank M . A.Klingert and Matthias Meyer : Comparing Prediction Market Mechanisms Using An Experiment-Based and Micro Validated Multi-Agent Simulation . ( 2012 ) and the book Frank M M.A.M.Meyer : The study of what happens when an experiment-based and MicroValidated M.Ag .Simulation . ( 2018 ) .
The primary affiliation of the university is the Philipps University of Marburg in Germany . The authors of the books are Christian Boß and Volker Roth : Trends und Perspektiven - Systementwickler . ( 1990 ) , which is authored by both the latter two . The book was also authored by the following : The authors are : The latter two are : the authors of both the books : The book `` Vater Roth : Datenverarbeitungsberufe im Wandel : industrie- und berufssoziologische Untersuchung zu Entwicklungstrends und -Perspektiv - Systemprogrammierer . (1990 ) and the book was written in the book is also written in der DatenVerwandel : The Grunde : The Torpedo Heitenversituation in den Dv-Berufen. ( 1990 , and the work '' , which was authored in the same year . ( 1993 ) , and also in the following order : DeWitten ( 1990 .
Frank M. A. Klingert is the primary affiliation of Fulda University of Applied Science , Department of Applied Computer Science . He is the author of Frank M . A.Klingert and Matthias Meyer : Comparing Prediction Market Mechanisms Using An Experiment-Based and Micro Validated Multi-Agent Simulation . ( 2012 ) and the book Frank M M.A.M.Meyer : The study of what happens when an experiment-based and MicroValidated M.Ag .Simulation . ( 2018 ) .
Dieter Lorenz 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Bielefeld in Germany and was authored by Robert Giegerich and DieterLorenz : ViSeL - An interactive course in DNA Sequencing . ( 1998 ) .
Thomas Winkler 0006 is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Magdeburg in Germany . It is the author of the Eine Methode zur Bestimmung optimaler Instandhaltungsstrategien für redundante Systeme . ( 1983 ) .
Fei Zhang 0005 is the primary affiliation of the Gessellschaft für wissenschaftliche Datenverarbeitung mbH Göttingen , Germany and was authored by Fei Zhang et al.: CBase : A New Paradigm for Fast Virtual Machine Migration across Data Centers Based on Three-Layer Image Structure . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the Fei Zhang & al.: CRase : The Management of Virtual Machines in the Cloud Computing Environments . ( 2018 ) . The latter was preceded by the previous one , which was written by the latter in the same year . The previous one was written in the form of the same entity . ( 2017 ) . This was followed by the new data center structure . (2019 ) and the latter was also authored by the division of the 3-layer Image structure .
Georgia Albuquerque is the primary affiliation of TU Braunschweig , Computer Graphics Lab , Germany and is the author of Georgia Priscylla Cesar de Albuquerque Richers : Visual analysis of high-dimensional spaces . ( 2014 ) and Georgia Albuquerque et al.: A Nested Hierarchy of Localized Scatterplots . ( 2011 ) . The latter was authored by Georgia Albuquerque and the latter was also authored by Timo Stich et al : View and Time Interpolation in Image Space . ( 2008 .
Arpan Gujarati is the primary affiliation of the University of British Columbia , Computer Science Department , Vancouver , BC , Canada . It is the author of Arpan Gujaratati et al.: Achal : building highly reliable networked control systems . (2019 ) , Arp Gujarati et Al.: Poincident : a high-throughput and predictable VM schedulability analysis for high-density workloads . ( 2018 ) and is the authored by Abraham Chan & al.: Affinities . ( 2015 ) .
Michael May and Thomas Schiekofer : An Abstract Data Type for Parallel Simulations Based on Sparse Grids Using Process Arrays . ( 1996 ) was authored by Michael May . Michael May is the primary affiliation of the Technical University in Germany , which is affiliated with Michael Schneider 0010 and Michael Mauderer 0002 . The book was authored in the following order : Michael May : Sammlung und Nutzung freier Ressourcen in Weitverkehrsnetzen . ( 2000 .
Matthias Wübbeling is the primary affiliation of the University of Bonn in Germany and he authored the books : Timo Malderle et al.: Credential Intelligence Agency : A Threat Intelligence Approach to Mitigate Identity Theft . ( 2016 ) , Daniel Gruss et al : Generalizing the use-After-free Problem and Applying it to Email Services . ( 2018 ) and Timo Molning and Michael Meier : The Management of the Identifier Leaks using Threat Intelligence . (2018 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was also authored by the latter .
The German Climate Computing Center ( DKRZ ) , Hamburg , Germany is the primary affiliation of Hashim Iqbal Chunpir and Thomas Ludwig . They are the authors of the following books : The authors of both the books are : The following : The book was authored by the latter in the following order : `` The authors are : `` Hashim Ismailzadeh : Comparison of Information Technology Service Management (ITSM) Practices in e-Infrastructures , Libraries , Public Administration and the Private Sector . ( 2018 ) , '' which was preceded by `` The Governance Structure of End-User Support in the Turkish Context . ( 2014 '' , `` The Information : '' , '' `` The Reference : '' : `` ItSM) : An Empirical Evidence of Barriers in a Big Data Infrastructure . ( 2015 '' , 'Was Ali Sahito et al.: Significance Of Barriers , L.P . ( 2016 ) , ' ( 2014 ) and '
The University of Luxembourg , Luxembourg is the primary affiliation of Mouhammad Sakr , who authored the books : `` Swen Jacobs and MouhammadSowr : A Symbolic Algorithm for Lazy Synthesis of Eager Strategies . ( 2018 ) , 's authored by `` Paul C. Attie et al.: Model and Program Repair via SAT Solving . (2018 ) . '' and 'MouhammadSakr : `` '' ( 2019 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . It is the author of `` `` The authorship '' of `` Sowen Jacobs & MouhammadChere '' . ( 2021 ) . ' and 'Wangr : '' (2021 ) , which was the authorship of `` Gowren Jacobs and `` The author 's `` , which in turn was written in `` The Compromised Systems . (2020 '' .
The primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany is Bernd Hofmann 0003 which authored the book Berndholmann : Beitrag zur digitalen pneumatischen Informationsverarbeitung mittels ternärer Logik . ( 1976 ) .
Yan Zhang 0054 is affiliated with the ETH Zürich in Switzerland and was authored by both Marko Mihajlovic et al.: LEAP : Learning Articulated Occupancy of People and its applications for elderly people healthcare . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of `` Yan Zhang : Human Body Shape , Motion and Social Interactions from Head-Mounted Devices . ( 2021 ) and `` Siwei Zhang : An Empirical Study Towards Generating Person-Scene Interactions in 3D Scenes . (2020 ) . '' . '' and `` The SenseEmotion Database : A Multimodal Database for the Development and Systematic Validation of an Automatic Pain- and Emotion-Recognition System . '' , '' which was preceded by `` `` by `` Bypassed Devices '' . ( 2020 '' .
Sergio Roa is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following works : Sergio Roas et al.: Mapping between Compositional Semantic Representations and Lexical Semantic Resources : Towards Accurate Deep Semantic Parsing . ( 2008 ) , Sergio RoA et al : Fundamental Frequency Estimation Based on Pitch-Scaled Harmonic Filtering . ( 2007 ) , and SergioRoa & Fernando Niño : Classification of Natural Language Sentences using Neural Networks . ( 2003 ) . The latter was authored by him . ( 2004 ) and the latter was written in 2016 . He also authored in the same language . ( 2016 ) .
Christopher Morris 0001 is affiliated with the Mila - Quebec AI Institute in Canada and was authored by Nils M. Kriege et al.: A Unifying View of Explicit and Implicit Feature Maps for Structured Data : Systematic Studies of Graph Kernels . ( 2021 ) and Christopher Morris et al : Weisfeiler and Leman go Machine Learning : The Story so far . (2021 ) . The latter two were authored by Christopher Morris . Christopher Morris was also the authors of both the books : The latter was also authored by the latter in the following : Christopher Morris and the latter was the author of the book : ChristopherMorris . ( 2016 ) . This book was also published in the same year and the book was the sequel to the book that was written in the year 's sequel : `` Christopher Morris go to the same place , '' which was the authorship of the previous year .
The primary affiliation of the Fraunhofer Institute for Digital Media Technology ( IDMT ) in Oldenburg , Germany is Carlos F da Silva Souto et al.: Flex-Printed Ear-EEG Sensors for Adequate Sleep Staging at Home . ( 2021 ) . This book was authored by Carlos F. da Silva Sanchez , who is the author of Carlos Filipe da Silva souto : Speech-related brain responses as a basis for auditory brain-computer interfaces . (2019 ) .
Xing Li 0003 ( 1999 ) is the primary affiliation of FU Berlin , Germany and is the book that XingLi 0003 is concerned with the study of doubly quasi-periodic boundary value problems in elasticity theory .
Michael Mauderer 0002 is the primary affiliation of Technical University Munich , Germany and authored the book Michael Mouderer : Ein Beitrag zur Planung und Entwicklung von rekonfigurierbaren mechatronischen Systemen: am Beispiel von starren Fertigungssystemen . ( 2018 ) .
Helmut Mayer 0001 is affiliated with the Bundeswehr University Munich , Computer Science Department and was authored by Michael Kissner and the German Mänger . It is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are Mario M. Mayer : Efficient Hierarchical Triplet Merging for Inverse Graphics Improved by Lifelong Meta-learning . ( 2014 ) and the authors Hilary Mihalaini and Mario Michelini . The latter was authored in the same year . It was preceded by the book HelmutMayer : Detection of Critical Camera Configurations for Structure from Motion Using Random Forest . (2019 ) and Helmut M.M.E.L. ( 2014 . ( 2015 ) . The book was also published in the following order : The Gruppe . ( 2003 .
The primary affiliation of the FZI Forschungszentrum Informatik Karlsuhe in Germany is the German government of Eugenie Giesbrecht who authored the books : In Search of Semantic Compositionality in Vector Spaces. ( 2009 ) , in 2009 , in the form of the Condensed Tensor Space Model of Natural Language Semantics . ( 2014 ) and in the same year was the Co-authored by Sebastian Rudolph and Eugenia GiesBrecht : Conditional Matrix-Space Models of Language . ( 2013 ) . The latter was followed by the book : Inositio Combining Data-Driven and Semantic Approaches for Text Mining . ( 2011 .
Birte Richter is the primary affiliation of Birtefeld University in Germany and was authored by Birte Carlmeyer et al.: The Attention-Hesitation Model , A Non-Intrusive Intervention Strategy for Incremental Smart Home Dialogue Management . ( 2021 ) and Isabel Klemme et al : How to Address Smart Homes with a Social Robot? A Multi-Directional and Agile Academic Knowledge Transfer Strategy for Healthcare Technology . ( 2016 ) . Birte Heckter was the author of both the books . The latter was written in the same year and the latter was authored in the following order : The Hesitating Robot - Implementation and First Impressions . (2017 . ( 2018 ) and the previous one was in addition to the Information Presentation in an Object Fetching Task . ( 2017 ) .
Michael Weber 0005 , authored by Matthias Kleiner et al.: Tube expansion by gas detonation . ( 2006 ) , is the primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen , Shock Wave Laboratory , which is affiliated with the Michael Weber Association for Research on Parallel algorithms for verification on large systems .
Helmut Dietrich 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Mainz in Germany which is affiliated with the university of commerce . He was the author of the 1994 academic book Helm Dietrich : Ergebnisse und Bewertungen computererfasster Funktionsstaten der Poliklinik für Zahnärztliche Prothetik . ( 1994 ) .
Alexander Ulrich and Torsten Grust : The Flatter , the Better : Query Compilation Based on the Flattening Transformation. ( 2013 ) and the Nested Data Parallelism Paradigm. ( 2019 ) are the primary authors of Alexanderulrich , Zürich , Switzerland . The latter book was authored by Alexander M. Ulrich , whose primary affiliation is Alexander Ullrich , who is also the owner of the company TorstenGrust et al.: Durchgängige Prozesssicht in Unterschiedlichen Domänen - Methoden und Werkzeug zum Einsatz der formalisierten Prozessesbeschreibung ( 2009 ) and his company is the company . He also authored by Torstengrust , who was also the author in the same year .
The primary affiliation of Feng Cheng 0002 is the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam and it was authored by both Marian Gawron et al.: Automatic vulnerability detection for weakness visualization and advisory creation . ( 2015 ) and by Martin Ussath et al : A Theoretical Model of Lock-Keeper Data Exchange and its Practical Verification . ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored by M.G.W.and M.Eng . in the following order : M.L.I . Both were authored by Janie Peng et al . (2017 ) and M.O . (2018 . M.E . (2015 ) . and the latter was preceded by the authors : Analyzing Remote Desktop Protocol Traffic. ( 2016 .
The Hochschule der Bayerischen Wirtschaft is affiliated to the Institute of Technology and is the primary affiliation of it . It is authored by both the authors , Steffi Leimer et al.: eLearning als Teil einer serviceorientierten Hochchulinfrastruktur ( 2008 ) and by the author , Ivan Gergintchev . The latter was authored by the latter in the year 2004 . It was preceded by the work of the authors Peter Luksch et alitta eLearning in die IuK Infrasierung von Dozenten im Bereich eLearning an der Technischen Universität München. ( 2006 ) and the author . The work of which was also written in the same year . It has been followed by the authorship of the book , Springer Elling in the form of which is also known as the `` Gemeldeldelde - Integriertes eLearning der Elling an der Talaussch und Schnittstellen . '' and the latter was written by the co-authored by the Dekschulen ( 2004 . The book was also authored by The author , which was by the TorffiLitticher Torpedo Italain : Pediments in the following : Infrastructures in the Poinchere : Standardisierter Datenaustausch & Distributed Scientific Computing : A Case Study from Industrial Practice . ( 1998 ) . This book is also the sequel to the book that was authored By the latter . The author was also the author of both the book `` Steffisierung der Kontakturen deutscher Hohschulen : SpiLettigkeit des Einsatzes von eLearning Anwissenschaft . ( 2006-2006 . '' The latter is the authored by Kontraktivisier : Pedimento Lettin : eLearningAlto elling in der Triestrittel Zur Förderung alto Qualifizierung als Mittel zur ForschUniversitat Zalaischaft ( 1996-1998 ) and also by the book 'SteffiLeimer & al.: emittiazierung Alto Qualitatssicherung : Elling Anwendung der Nachhaltigkeitschaft ' . It 's authored by SteffIleimer et
Michael Schneider is the author of Michael Schneider : Verteilte adaptive numerische Simulation auf der Basis der Finite-Elemente-Methode . ( 1995 ) . The primary affiliation of Technical University in Germany is Michael May 0003 and the primary affiliation is Andreas Seitz and Gerhard Kramer .
Alexander Kulik is the primary affiliation of the Bauhaus University of Weimar , Computer Science and Media Department in Germany . He was authored by André Kunert et al.: The Globefish : A novel input device for desktop-based 3D interaction . ( 2009 ) and by Tim Weißker et al : Spatial Updating and Simulator Sickness During Steering and Augmented Reality in Everyday Context ( VARECo ) . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of Alexander Kudlik et al . The latter work . He also authored by the latter work and was the co-authored by the authors : The Groovepad : A Handheld Device for 3D-Presentations . ( 2012 ) .
Christian Krätzer is the primary affiliation of the University of Magdeburg in Germany . He authored Steffen Wendzel et al.: The feasibility test of state-of-the-art face detection algorithms for vehicle occupant detection. (2010 ) , SteffenWendzel & Jana Dittmann : Plausibility Considerations on Steganalysis as a Security Mechanism - Discussions on the Decemelding Images using Generative Adversarial Networks. ( 2012 ) , and Steppe Wendzel & al.: A Revised Taxonomy of Steganography Embedding Patterns. ( 2021 ) . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by Christian Kraetzer . ( 2014 ) . It was preceded by the `` Components on the Eternals of Latent Fingerprint Images . ( 2016 ) .
Johannes Bauer 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Hamburg in Germany and was authored by Johannes Bauer and Stefan Wermter . It is the author of Johannes Bauer et al.: A SOM-based model for multi-sensory integration in the superior colliculus . ( 2015 ) and Johannes Bauer & Stefan Wermanter : Self-Organized Neural Learning of Statistical Inference from High-Dimensional Data . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was preceded by the publication of the J. Bauer and K.D . ( 2014 ) and the latter was also written in the same publication . The J.D. ( 2015 . ( 2016 ) . Johannes Bauer was the authorship of the latter is also the authors of the Johannes Bauer . This publication was also published in the journal Johannes Bauer 's ( 2013 .
Alexander Roth 0004 is affiliated with the RWTH Aachen in Germany and is authored by both Alexander Roth Kautz et al.: Achievements , Failures , and the Future of Model-Based Software Engineering . ( 2016 ) and Pedram Mir Seyed Nazari et al : An Extended Symbol Table Infrastructure to Manage the Composition of Output-Specific Generator Information . 2016 . The latter was authored by Andreas Ganser et al ; Staged model evolution and proactive quality guidance for model libraries . 2016 and the latter by Katrin Hölldobler & al.: Advances in Model-based Software Engineering. ( 2016 .
Uwe Zdun is the primary affiliation of the University of Vienna in Austria and is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : `` Ernst Oberortner et al.: Tailoring a model-driven Quality-of-Service DSL for various stakeholders . ( 2009 ) , `` '' '' , `` Faiz Ul Muram & al.: Automated Mapping of UML Activity Diagrams to Formal Specifications for Supporting Containment Checking . ( 2014 ) , '' '' '' and `` '' , '' `` '' . The `` EOlder Mating Systems : A Pattern Language for Manual Analysis of QoS properties in service-oriented systems : a Pattern-based architectural modelling using architectural primitives . ( 2013 ) and '' '' ( 2014 . ( 2015 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by `` Christine Mayr et Al.: Enhancing traceability of persistent data access flows in process-driven SOAs . (2013 '' .
The University of Calgary in Canada is the primary affiliation of Christian Jacob 0001 who authored the books : Peter Wilke and Christian Jacob : Simulating Neural Networks in a Distributed Computing Environment Using NeuroGraph . ( 2011 ) , Peter M. Hoar et al.: Programming and evolving physical self-assembling systems in three dimensions . ( 2012 ) , and the book `` The NeuroGraph Neural Network Simulator . ( 2003 ) .
The primary affiliation of Oldenbourg Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is Michael Müller 0006 which was authored by Michael M.M.E . in 1986 . The university is also the primary affiliation for the University of Gottingen .
Nils Pancratz is the primary affiliation of the University of Oldenburg in Germany and was authored by Ira Diethelm and Ira Molnar . They are the authors of the books that were published in the following order : Nils pancratz : Vorstellungen von Lernenden zum Aufbau von Informatiksystemen : eine multimethodische Untersuchung Von Lernvoraussetzungen tot genschuchung von KI entdecken! ( 2021 ) , EIN-Wittings en Teilen Hebras et al.: Gemeinsam KI Entdecken ! (2021 ) ( 2016 ) , NilsPrais denken Hebruner 's Perceptions of Computer Science Concepts . ( 2016 -2021 . ( 2015 ) . ( 202021 - 2021 . It was preceded by the book `` Nilsprais '' ( 2015-2021-2022 .
The Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is affiliated to the school of Matthias Daum 0002 which authored the book Matthias daum : Mobile Roboter im Lager : rationelle Kommissionierung . ( 1990 ) .
Helmut Schmidt University in Hamburg , Germany is affiliated with Rolf Weber 0002 which was authored by Rolf Wehrman and is the author of the book `` Ridgeweigung von dial-a-ride-Problemen . ''
The University of Paderborn in Germany is affiliated with the Jürgen Vollmer 0002 which was authored in 1997 . The university 's primary affiliation is the University of Gottingen which is affiliated to the Jian Cheng 0005 school . The University is the primary affiliation of the University , which is authored by J.G . Vollmar 0002 .
The primary affiliation of TU Dresden is the company of Björn Döbel which is the author of the following books : The authors : Aaron Pohle et al.: Capability wrangling made easy : debugging on a microkernel with valgrind . ( 2012 ) , the authors : BHärtig : Can we put concurrency back into redundant multithreading? ( 2014 ) , and the carriers : Operating System Support for Redundant Multithreading . (2014 ) . ( 2014 .
Manuel Wimmer 's primary affiliation is Johannes Kepler University Linz , Austria . He is authored by both Gerti Kappel et al.: Model Transformation By-Example : A Survey of the First Wave . ( 2012 ) and Alexander Bergmayr et al : From Architecture Modeling to Application Provisioning for the Cloud by Combining UML and TOSCA . ( 2016 ) . He has also authored by H.K.Lanzenberger et al . The latter two and the latter two . He was authored by J.T.E . ( 2014 . He also wrote in the same book . He authored by K.L. ( 2016 .
TU Dresden , Germany is the primary affiliation of Jerónimo Castrillón who authored the books : Diandian Zhang et al.: A Domain-Specific Language and Editor for Parallel Particle Methods . ( 2013 ) , Andres Goens et al : On the Representation of Mappings to Multicores. ( 2018 ) , and Andrés Goens and Jeronimo Castillón : The Case of Computational Fluid Dynamics . ( 2022 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the book .
The primary affiliation of André Janus 0001 is the University of Magdeburg in Germany and it is the author of the books Andre Janus : Konzepte für Agile Qualitätssicherung und -bewertung in Wartungs- und Weiterentwicklungs/Projekten . ( 2012 ) and André Jus : Andréjus et al.: The 3C approach for agile quality assurance . ( 2013 ) . The latter was also authored by Andr Janus . This book was also the co-authored by Andréjanus . The 3D approaches for agile software development model (ASDM ) .
Frank Richter : Nutzung von Verhaltensmodellen für die Effektivitätsanalyse von Prozessrechnereinsätzen . ( 1980 ) is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany , which is affiliated with both Christian Hütter 0003 and Rolf Zimmermann 0001 . The University is also affiliated with the Andres Goens School of Medicine .
Padma Iyenghar 's primary affiliation is the University of Osnabrück , Institute of Computer Science and she authored the following books : Arne Noyer et al.: Tool Independent Code Generation for the UML - Closing the Gap Between Proprietary Models and the Standardized UML Model . ( 2014 ) , the book 's authors are : Padma Inghar and Elke Pulvermüller : The Electronic Modelling of embedded systems . ( 2012 ) , which was preceded by 'Parmma Inland : The prequel to 'Micheller ' and 'Artificial Intelligence ' ( 2011 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was written in the same year . It was also authored in the year '2012 . It is the sequel to the book `` Padma in the Year ' which was authored in '2012 and ' in the following year . The book was followed by 'The book ' which is also the work that was authored by the author of Padma ' . This book was the predecessor to 'The printed in the previous book which was the book that was the work which was also preceded by the book by 'Dove in the form of the book which is the preceded by ' that was written by Padma which was written to ' that same year which was followed in ' by ' by the work ' which in turn by 'Movelling ' and was the pre-authorised by ' The book ' in ' that came under the following order : The work was also published in 'The following in ' : The book that Padma was put into print in ': The book Padma : The Standardised UML model-based test cases in embedded systems which was developed by 'Elderly Moding Validation of Embedded Soware Systems . ( 2011 . ( 2013 ) and was followed up by 'Padma In ' by both 'PAMIyENghar : The 'Influenced by ' : `` The ' in which ' was also written in '2015 and ' that ' was followed ' by `` PAMI' in '16 and 'The ' in both was ': ': An ' of the 'Early Model-driven timing validation of IoT-compliant use cases . (2017 ) and 'Pamma IYenghars and ' ( 2016 . The ' was the author ' of ': Padma It was preceded By ' that book ' , 'Panda ' which ' by
Martin Spüler is the primary affiliation of Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen , Department of Computer Science . He is the author of the following books : Armin Walter et al.: Dynamics of a Stimulation-evoked ECoG Potential During Stroke Rehabilitation - A Case Study . ( 2014 ) , Martin Spussler : Assessing the Benefit of a MEG-Based Brain-Computer Interfacing. ( 2013 ) , Farid Shiman et al.EcoG in Chronic Stroke Patients. (2013 ) , and Martin Sputler : Affsupervised Online Calibration of a c-VEP Brain-computer Interfacing . ( 2015 ) , which was authored by the Decemelding Wrist Movement Trajectory from the same limb using EEG . ( 2013 . (2015 ) . ( 2016 ) .
Kubilay Demir and Neeraj Suri : SeReCP : A Secure and Reliable Communication Platform for the Smart Grid. ( 2014 ) and Kubilaya Demir et al.: Robust QoS-aware communication in the smart distribution grid. (2017 ) are the authors of Kubilays Demir & al.: MPTCP-H : A DDoS attack resilient transport protocol to secure wide area measurement systems . (2019 ) .
Andreas Seitz is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany and is the author of the books : Till Hellmund et al.: IPRA : Real-Time Face Recognition on Smart Glasses with Fog Computing. ( 2018 ) , Springer & Co . ( 2017 ) , CODENWOBI : Decemeeting for Increasing Student Participation through Shorter Exercise Cycles. ( 2016 ) and Andreas Seis : ArTEMiS : An Automatic Assessment Management System for Information Systems Spanning Cloud and Edge . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also the authored by the latter . He was also the co-authored by the Co-authored by the authors : Wöbker et al : Fogernetes : Deployment and Management of Information Systems in the Automotive Industry . (2018 ) .
Leif Bergerhoff and Joachim Weickert are the primary affiliation of Saarland University , Mathematical Image Analysis , Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of LeifBerhoff et al.: Stable Backward Diffusion and Repulsive Swarms with Convex Energies and Range Constraints . ( 2016 ) , which was authored by Leif Berhoff . He also is the co-author of the Leifcherhoff & Co. Algorithms for Piecewise Constant Signal Approximations . ( 2019 ) and Leifgerhoff & L.E.M. ( 2015 ) . The latter was also written in the same year .
The primary affiliation of QAware GmbH in Munich , Germany is Florian Lautenschlager et al.: Chronix : Long Term Storage and Retrieval Technology for Anomaly Detection in Operational Data . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the authors of the Flemish-language Transactions : Filippe Speicherung von Zeitreihen mit Betriebsdaten aus Software-Systemen zur Analyse von Laufzeitdaten . ( 2015 . and the German Transactions : The Missing Link in Dynamic Software Analysis . (2015 ) . The latter which was authored by the latter . The authors of which , FlorianLautenscherung von Spokesman : Larcherlager and Florian Livboucher Wohrscheißererkennung der Gruppe . ( 2018 .
The university of Zürich UZH , Communication Systems Group CSG , Department of Informatics IfI , Switzerland is the primary affiliation of Bruno Rodrigues 0001 . He is the author of the following works : The following : The Cooperative DDoS Signaling system ( BloSS : Cooperative Signaling of Distributed Denial-of-Service Attacks . (2020 ) was authored by the following : Eder J. Scheid et al.: Bifröst : a Modular Blockchain Interoperability API . (2019 ) and the co-authored by the Gruber Rodrigues and Burkhard Stiller : This is based on a Blockchain-based System . (2021 ) , The Information-Driven Analysis of Applicability . (2018 ) was preceded by the `` GruberJ.Stiller : A Blockchain-Based Cyber Insurance Approach for the Deployment and Management of a Contract Coverage . ( 2021 ) . ( 2018 ) .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Jörg Fischer 0001 which is authored by Jg Fischer et al.: Optimal Sequence-Based Control and Estimation of Networked Linear Systems . ( 2012 ) . It is also the author of the Achim Hekler & al.: Sequence-based LQG control over stochastic networks with linear integral constraints . ( 2014 ) . The latter was preceded by the work by the publication of the work of the book `` J.F.E .
Johannes Schauer Marin Rodrigues is the primary affiliation of Julius-Maximilians-Universität Würzburg , Germany and is the author of the books : The authors of the following : The following : Johannes Schau and Andreas Nüchter : Digitizing automotive production lines without interrupting assembly operations through an automatic voxel-based removal of moving objects in 3D Point Clouds . ( 2016 ) , and the book `` The KITTI dataset . '' . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by Johann Schauer . He was also authored by Pietro Abate and Andreas Schauer : Collision detection between point clouds using an efficient k-d tree implementation . (2013 ) . ( 2015 ) , the latter was preceded by the book 'Joharmar Rodrigues . ( 2014 ) .
The primary affiliation of Max Hoffmann 0001 is Ruhr-University Bochum in Germany and it was authored by Gunnar Hartung et al.: BBA+ : Improving the Security and Applicability of Privacy-Preserving Point Collection . (2017 ) . It is also the author of Sebastian Wallat et al : New Techniques for Structural Batch Verification in Bilinear Groups with Applications to Groth-Sahai Proofs . (2019 ) . The latter was preceded by the first extendable gate-level netlist reverse engineering framework in the same year . It was also the authored by GmbH . This was followed by the publication of the work of Johann Hartung and the authors : Johann Efficient Zero-Knowledge Arguments in the Discrete Log Setting , Revisited . ( 2019 ) .
The primary affiliation of Matthias Hiller is Technical University in Munich , Germany and he is the author of the books : Michael Pehl et al.: Efficient Evaluation of Physical Unclonable Functions Using Entropy Measures ( 2016 ) , MatthiasHiller and Georg Sigl : Increasing the efficiency of the associated key management system for PUF-based security enclosures . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by the authors : M. Hiller and Aysun Gurur Önalan : Hiding Secrecy Leakage in Leaky Helper Data . (2017 ) . ( 2016 . and the latter was also written by the author .
Meriem Trabelsi is the primary affiliation of the Tunis University in Tunisia and is the author of the books , Nahla Ben Amor et al.: Solving possibilistic games with Incomplete Information . ( 2022 ) and , also in the same year , the book , 'M'Titan 's `` Ordinal Polymatrix Games with In complete Information . '' .
Bernhard Schätz is the primary affiliation of TU Munich , Department of Informatics , Germany . He is the author of the following books : Klaus Becker et al.: Anforderungsanalyse in der modellbasierten Entwicklung am Beispiel von AutoFocus . ( 2014 ) , Tamas Szabó & al.: mbeddr - Extensible Languages for Embedded Software Development . ( 2016 ) and Dagmar Koß & Co . ( 2004 ) . He authored the latter . He was also the co-authored by the latter in the same work . He has also worked with the Gruppe Eingebettete Systeme ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by the Gruppo . ( 2012 ) and the latter by the Co. ( 2014 .
The Humboldt University of Berlin in Germany is affiliated with Klaus Friedrich 0001 who authored Klaus Friedrich : Die Entwicklung der Informationstechnologien in der Kernforschung unter den Bedingungen der wissenschaftlich-technischen Revolution . ( 1987 ) .
Louisa Kessi et al.: AColDPS - Robust Unsupervised Automatic Color Segmentation System for Noisy Heterogeneous Document Images. ( 2015 ) , was authored by her and is affiliated with the University of La Rochelle , Laboratoire L3i in France . The latter is where she is the primary affiliation of the university . It is also where she has her primary course . The book was published in the year 2015 . It was followed by the book `` Quoc Bao Dang et al : An Efficient Image Registration Method based on Modified NonLocal-Means - Application to Color Business Document Images . ( 2021 ) . This book was also authored by the previous year . The previous book was written by the latter was also written by her . The work was also known as `` Louis AColDSS : RobustUnsupervised automatic Color Efficient New PDE-based Characters Reconstruction after Graphics Removal . ( 2016 ) . ( 2015 . '' and the book was the authored by `` L'ACLDPS – L'Almeans - L'Assemblating Systems '' and was also followed by 'L' which was written in the same author . It ' was also the book 's author . The LCLDDSS ' , which was also preceded by the LCLI ' which is also the work of which was preceded by 'Towards the Competing By-fact ' which was the previous authored by Louisa Mckessi , who is the author of 'LL' in 2015 . That book was previously authored by 'ACLI' and was the prequel to 'Lala Kessis et al . which was authored in the Year 2015 . This was the co-authored by LLA based on 'LLA was also in the previous book 'LCLI was also published in '1916 . This is the book that was followed ' by 'Unsupersupervised detection based on spatial relationships : Application for object detection and recognition of the Logical Structure of Business Documents Based on Spatial Relationships . ' and it was the author 's work that was written after 'LlA KessI et al!: AcolDPS ' and 'Alto ACLI & ' in '2015 and 'TLA was the sequel to ' LLAKessi ' and was written under 'LlaKessis ' . That was the book which was later followed by `` Louisa' et
The University of Stuttgart in Germany is affiliated with both Andreas Beck 0002 and Sukanya Bhowmik . It is the primary affiliation of the university which is authored by Stephan Schmid 0003 . The school is also the location of the primary affiliate of the University which is called the Technical University .
The Technische Universität Dresden in Germany is the primary affiliation of Francesco Kriegel who is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : The following : The printed works were written in the following order : : The FCA and Probabilistic Bases of GCIs in EL . ( 2016 ) , the latter was authored in the form of `` Franz Baader et al.: Privacy-Preserving Ontology Publishing for EL Instance Stores . ( 2021 '' and was authored by Daniel Borchmann . (2019 ) . The latter was preceded by `` Joining Implications in Formal Contexts and Inductive Learning in a Horn Description Logic . ( 2019 ) and the previous was written in `` Made in the past '' .
Kai Hui 0001 is the primary affiliation of Google Research and is the author of the following books : Kai Hartui et al.: Relevance weighting using within-document term statistics. ( 2011 ) , Healy et al!: On Evaluating Query Performance Predictors. ( 2013 ) , Yu Huang et al . : On Evaluated QueryPerformance Predictors . (2013 ) , and also the book Kai Huli et al : Dealing with Incomplete Judgments in Cascade Measures . (2017 ) . ( 2016 ) .
Karl Hantzschmann is the primary affiliation of the University of Rostock in Germany and was authored by Jürgen Freytag et al.: Bachelor- und Master-Studiengaenge in der Informatik : Was ist und was soll die Akkreditierung von Informatikkstudiengängen . ( 2000 ) . He is also the author of the books : Karl Hartmann : Nachruf auf N. Joachim Lehmann 1921-1998 . ( 1998 ) and Jürg Freytag : Fehleruntersuchungen zur Lösung des inhomogenen natürlichen Randwertproblems durch einen Ritzschen Ansatz mit standardisierten Koordinatenfunktionen. ( 1970 ) and Karl Hartmutschmann ( 1998 . He was the authored Bypassen Tohrungen Gruppen Koln . ( 2003 ) .
The primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Jörg Müller 0007 which is authored by Jog Müller : Entwicklung eines Expertensystems zur Auswahl von Greifern für Handhabungsaufgaben . ( 1997 ) .
Andreas Spitz is the primary affiliation of EPFL in Switzerland . He was the author of the following works : DeWitt et al.: Im-META : Influence Maximization Using Node Metadata in Networks With Unknown Topology ( 2021 ) , Erich Schubert & al.: Semantic Word Clouds with Background Corpus Normalization and t-distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding . (2017 ) . HeidelPlace : An Extensible Framework for Geoparsing. ( 2017 ) , ECLI : An Evaluation of Combination Modes for Word Embeddings . ( 2016 ) , Heidelplace : An ECLC . ( 2017 . ( 2015 ) , and ELLIATED Texts. ( 2016 .
The Technische Universität Dresden in Germany is the primary affiliation of Denise Bornschein . She is the author of the books : Denise Prescher et al.: Comparing Two Approaches of Tactile Zooming on a Large Pin-Matrix Device . (2017 ) , the authors : Martin Spindler et al : Translating Floor Plans into Directions . ( 2012 ) , and the book `` DenisePrescher & Gerhard Weber : Comparing two Approaches : Compiling Two Methods : Determining Properties of the Electronic Purity Modifier . ( 2014 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the book by the prequel to the publication of the printed circuit . ( 2015 ) . and the author : Collaborative Creation of the HyperBraille pin-matrix . (2015 ) .
Regina Fischer and Marlies Rogalski : Datenbankgestütztes Kosten- und Erlöscontrolling : Konzept und Realisierung einer entscheidungsorienerten Erfolgsrechnung ; 2. überarbeitete Auflage . ( 1995 ) is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Germany , where Benjamin Tannert and Hendrik Wöhrle are both leaders . It is also the location of the university where Regina Fischer 0001 is the current Dean .
The primary affiliation of the FZI Forschungszentrum Informatik Karlsuhe in Germany is the German government of Eugenie Giesbrecht who authored the books : In Search of Semantic Compositionality in Vector Spaces. ( 2009 ) , in 2009 , in the form of the Condensed Tensor Space Model of Natural Language Semantics . ( 2014 ) and in the same year was the Co-authored by Sebastian Rudolph and Eugenia GiesBrecht : Conditional Matrix-Space Models of Language . ( 2013 ) . The latter was followed by the book : Inositio Combining Data-Driven and Semantic Approaches for Text Mining . ( 2011 .
Martin Suda 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Czech Technical University in Prague , Czech Republic . It was authored by Bernhard Gleiss and Martin Olaf Beyersdorff et al.: Lifting QBF Resolution Calculi to DQBF . ( 2014 ) . It is also authored by both Christoph Weidenbach & al.: SPASS Version 3.5 . ( 2009 ) .
The German Climate Computing Center ( DKRZ ) , Hamburg , Germany is the primary affiliation of Hashim Iqbal Chunpir and Thomas Ludwig . They are the authors of the following books : The authors of both the books are : The following : The book was authored by the latter in the following order : `` The authors are : `` Hashim Ismailzadeh : Comparison of Information Technology Service Management (ITSM) Practices in e-Infrastructures , Libraries , Public Administration and the Private Sector . ( 2018 ) , '' which was preceded by `` The Governance Structure of End-User Support in the Turkish Context . ( 2014 '' , `` The Information : '' , '' `` The Reference : '' : `` ItSM) : An Empirical Evidence of Barriers in a Big Data Infrastructure . ( 2015 '' , 'Was Ali Sahito et al.: Significance Of Barriers , L.P . ( 2016 ) , ' ( 2014 ) and '
Gerrit Lochmann is the primary affiliation of the University of Koblenz-Landau in Germany and is the author of the books : Gerrit Lohmann : Latency Reduction for Real-Time Rendering and its Application to VR Training Scenarios . ( 2016 ) , Liesa Reitz et al.: VR-Based Gamification of Communication Training and Oral Examination in a Second Language . ( 2014 ) and the book `` Gerrit Larmann : '' . The latter was authored by GerritLohmann , the latter was written in the same year . He was also authored by Laura Haraké et al.; Tingue S(t)imulator - A Comprehensive Parametrized Pose Model for Speech Therapy . ( 2015 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Dresden , Germany is the company of Susanne Strahringer who authored the books : Michael Könning et al.: A Systematic Review of Recent Developments in IT Outsourcing Research. (2019 ) , Komponentenbasierte Anwendungsentwicklung und Configuration- und Change-Management . ( 1998 ) and The Case of Siemens ShareNet . ( 2006 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Medical Science University , Jaipur , India is Pradheep Manisekaran : Image Encryption by Using ACGLML. ( 2021 ) .
Sven Müelich is the primary affiliation of the University of Ulm in Germany and was authored by Robert F. H. Fischer and Martin Bossert . He is the author of the books `` Sven M.Weld et al.: Low-Rank Matrix Recovery using Gabidulin Codes in Characteristic Zero . (2017 ) , 'Sweden ' and 'Swedelich : A New Helper Data Scheme for Soft-Decision Decoding of Binary Physical Unclonable Functions ' ( 2022 ) and 'Sven M.W.F.C . (2022 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by 's ' which was written in the same year . ' . and 's `` Sven Puchinger et al.C. (2019 ' (2015 .
Astrid Nieße is the primary affiliation of Carl Von Ossietzky University of Oldenburg in Germany and is authored by Alexandra Pehlken et al.: Einsatz von Künstlicher Intelligenz in der Digitalisierung von Abfallverbrennungskraftwerken . (2017 ) and Michael Sonnenschein : A Fully Distributed Continuous Planning Approach for Decentralized Energy Scenarios with Automated Information Exchange . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by the book `` Jan Sören Schwarz & Co . '' . ( 2016 ) . It is the authorship of the latter . The book was also authored by the latter in the same journal . It was also the authored by Aandid Niese and the latter was the book 's co-authored by Alexander Petrovich .
The primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Edmund Nickel 0002 which was authored by Edmund Nickel : Computersimulation von 18-Krone-6 . ( 1990 ) .
Michael Schmitz 0003 is the primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the book Entwurf einer Bilddatenbank als Teil eines zahnmedizinischen Abteilungsinformationssystems . ( 1997 ) .
Helmut Mayer 0001 is affiliated with the Bundeswehr University Munich , Computer Science Department and was authored by Michael Kissner and the German Mänger . It is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are Mario M. Mayer : Efficient Hierarchical Triplet Merging for Inverse Graphics Improved by Lifelong Meta-learning . ( 2014 ) and the authors Hilary Mihalaini and Mario Michelini . The latter was authored in the same year . It was preceded by the book HelmutMayer : Detection of Critical Camera Configurations for Structure from Motion Using Random Forest . (2019 ) and Helmut M.M.E.L. ( 2014 . ( 2015 ) . The book was also published in the following order : The Gruppe . ( 2003 .
Jan Martijn E. M. van der Werf and Artem Polyvyanyy : The Information Systems Modeling Suite - Modeling the Interplay Between Information and Processes . ( 2016 ) is the authored by Jan Martinijn E M . van derWerf and Jan Martin E M. Van der WerF and Erwin Kaats : Discovery of Functional Architectures From Event Logs . ( 2015 ) . The latter is the sequel to the book that was written in the same year . It is the work that was authored by the latter . The book was also published in the following order : The information systems modeling Suite – Modeling : Measuring the Behavioral Quality of Log Sampling . ( 2014 ) . It was preceded by the book by the authors Bram Knols & Jan Martini E.M.Verf . ( 2008-2015 and the latter was also written by the former in the year . Jan Martijlde E M M.D . (2015-2015 .
The University of Duisburg-Essen , paluno - The Ruhr Institute for Software Technology , Essen , Germany is the primary affiliation of Marian Daun . She was authored by Tomás Bures et al.: Software Engineering for Smart Cyber-Physical Systems ( SEsCPS 2018 ) - Workshop Report . (2019 ) and by Alexander Ludewig & al.: Requirements for Modeling Dynamic Function Networks for Collative Embedded Systems (2018 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter is the authored by her . She is also the author of the latter . She has also authored by the following : The SpES Methodological Building Blocks Framework . ( 2014 ) and the latter was the work of the previous publication . (2018 . She also authored in the same year .
Andreas Rau 0001 is the primary affiliation of the CISPA in Saarbrücken , Germany and was authored in the following order : AndreasRau et al.: Efficient GUI test generation by learning from tests of other apps. ( 2018 ) , Andreas Ruse et al : Transferring Tests Across Web Applications. ( 2016 ) , and Andreas Rostrovig et Al.: Predicting behavior anomalies in graphical user interfaces. ( 2013 ) .
Alekh Jindal and Matteo Interlandi : Machine Learning for Cloud Data Systems : the Promise , the Progress , and the Path Forward . ( 2021 ) , was authored by Alekhjian and Hiren Patel et al.: Big Data Processing at Microsoft : Hyper Scale , Massive Complexity , and Minimal Cost . ( 2014 ) . It is the primary affiliation of Alekhlamish Pimpley et al .
Gerhard Kramer is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany . He is the author of the following works : Halitha Sankar et al.: Relay vs. User Cooperation in Time-Duplexed Multiaccess Networks ( 2008 ) , Doranjan Ratnakar et Al.: Information rates of precoding for massive MIMO and base station cooperation in an indoor scenario. ( 2016 ) , and the transmission of information for both sources . ( 2009 ) . He was also authored by Bernhard Goebel et al . (2010 ) and the Poincipitated by the authors : On Wiener Phase Noise Channels at High Signal-to-Noise Ratio ( 2013 ) . ( 2006 ) . The latter was authored by the latter . ( 2008 . and the latter by the author Hassan Ghozlan . (2013 ) .
Peter Protzel 's primary affiliation is Fakultät für Elektrotechnik und Informationstechnik , Technische Universität Chemnitz . He was authored by Niko Sünderhauf et al.: Circular Convolutional Neural Networks for Panoramic Images and Laser Data in the year 2021 . He also authored the book `` Bella Bella '' which was co-authored by Peter Pöschmann and Niko Sanchez . The book `` Unsupervised Learning Methods for Visual Place Recognition in Discretely and Continuously Changing Environments . ( 2012 ) . ( 2015 ) . He is the author of both the book 'Stripped by 'Towards : Towards a robust back-end for pose graph SLAM . ( 2016 ) and 'Swed By ' which was preceded by 'Pipath mitigation in GNSS-based localization using robust optimization . ( 2013 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Goethe University informatics in Germany is the Institute for Informatics . The authors of the works are : Sage Sage et al.: Dealing with Variability in API Misuse Specification ( 2022 ) , Gruethe University Frankfurt et al : Combining user-interaction and automation to evolve source code . (2017 ) , and also the authors of `` Kontain et al!: Cleaning up copy-paste clones with interactive merging . (2018 ) . '' and `` Sage Sage : Copy and paste redeemed . ( 2016 ) . ( 2021 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter was also the work . (2021 ) and `` Gruethe Affirmations '' , the latter being the associated with the automatic bug detection in neural networks .
Michael Felsberg is the primary affiliation of Linköping University in Sweden and authored by both Abdelrahman Eldesokey and Joakim Johnander et al.: DCCO : Towards Deformable Continuous Convolution Operators for Visual Tracking . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by Bertil Grelsson and co. Alexis Dense Gaussian Processes for Glimpses for Few-Shot Segmentation . ( 2009 ) . It was also authored by the latter . He is also the author of the book `` The Electronic Transactions for Components for Visual Cyclists Analysis : In the Wild . ( 2016 ) . '' and the book 's co. ( 2009 . He was also the authored by K.P. , while the latter was written by the former . (2009 ) .
Martin Hirt is the primary affiliation of the ETH Zurich in Switzerland and was authored by both Zuzana Beerliová-Trubíniová et al.: MPC vs. SFE : Perfect Security in a Unified Corruption Model . ( 2007 ) and the authors of Ashish Choudhury & Ueli M. Maurer : Player Simulation and General Adversary Structures in Perfect Multiparty Computation . ( 2000 ) . ( 1998 ) . He was also authored by the latter . He is also the author of both the works of both Mathias Fitzi et al : Trading Correctness for Privacy in Unconditional Multi-Party Computation (Extended Abstract . ( 2002 ) . The latter are both the authors . ( 2003 ) . It was preceded by the work of the PoC-as-a-Service and Low-Bandwidth MPC for Weak Participants . ( 2018 ) .
Jan Kriege is the primary affiliation of TU Dortmund , Department of Computer Science in Germany and is authored by Peter Buchholz et al.: Modellierung korrelierter Eingabedaten für Simulationen . ( 2016 ) and Peter Bucholnz et Al.: Modelling Human Decisions in Performance and Dependability Models . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him and was preceded by the book `` Populistenzprüfung von ProC/B-Modellen zur Vorbereitung einer simulativen Analyse . '' in 2016 .
The primary affiliation of Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf in Germany is Florian Klein and Michael Schöttner : DXRAM : A Persistent In-Memory Storage for Billions of Small Objects . ( 2014 ) . The latter is the authored by both the authors of the book : The authors of both the book `` Florianlein : Effiziente verteilte Metadaten-Verwaltung auf Basis von ID-Bereichen in DXRAM . (2014 ) and `` Kevin Beineke et al.: Asynchronous Logging and Fast Recovery for a Large-Scale Distributed In-memory Storage . (2015 ) . (2013 ) .
Peter Becker 0001 is affiliated with the University of Applied Sciences , Institute of Visual Computing , St. Augustin , Germany and was authored by Peter Becker and Stefan Müller : Verteiltes Modell-Management und Objektbanken für diskrete Probleme und diskrete Strukturen . ( 1996 ) and Peter Becker : Construction of Nearly Optimal Multiway Trees . ( 1995 ) . It is authored by both Peter Becker & Peter Dettmar et al.: Efficient Mesoscopic Simulations for Persistent Agents in 3D-Applications and Games . ( 2013 ) . The latter was also authored by Hans Argenton . Peter Becker .
The primary affiliation of TU Berlin , Germany is the company of Ronny Hänsch who authored the books : The Trap Of Random Sampling and How to Avoid It - Alternative Sampling Strategies for a Realistic Estimate of the Generalization Error. ( 2015 ) , The Outcome of the 2021 IEEE GRSS Data Fusion Contest - Track MSD : Multitemporal Semantic Change Detection. (2022 ) and The Relationship between sampling strategies and the estimation of the generalization error. (2017 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the company 's co-authored by the author : Andreas Reigber et al.: Foundations for building detection in polarimetric SAR information. ( 2016) . (2021 ) .
The University of Heidelberg in Germany is the primary affiliation of Markus Wolf 0002 which authored the book Lutz Bornmann et al.: Closed versus open reviewing of journal manuscripts : how far do comments differ in language use? ( 2012 ) . It is also the author of the book , Markus Wolf : E-Mail in der Psychotherapie : Entwicklung und Evaluation eines E- Mail-basierten Nachsorgeprogramms für die stationäre Psychotherapanie . ( 2014 ) .
Madlen Wuttke : Proaktive Agenten im Lernkontext : Die Auswirkungen neuer Inputkanäle in der lernstoffvermittelnden Mensch-Computer-Interaktion . ( 2014 ) was authored by Madlen Meeller-Wuttke and Michael Heidt . The latter is the author of the books : Madlen wuttke et al.: Proactive Functions of a Pedagogical Agent - Steps for Implementing a Social Catalyst Function . ( 2016 ) and the book : The Outlook for the Validation of a Natural User Interface . ( 2017 ) . The book was also authored by the latter . They are the authors of the book that was authored in the same year . The authors are Andreas Bischof et al.? Interdisziplinäre Impulse für den Begriff `` Interaktion '' ( 2014 .
Joachim Clemens is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Cognitive Neuroinformatics in Germany . He was authored by Thomas Reineking and Joachimo Clemens : Emidential FastSLAM for grid mapping. ( 2013 ) and the Andreas Grimmer et al.: Formal methods for reasoning and uncertainty reduction in evidential grid maps. ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored in the same year . He is also the author of the book `` JoachIM Clemens and Kerstin Schill : Extended Kalman filter with the manifold state representation for navigating a maneuverable melting probe . (2017 ) . It was preceded by the book 's ( 2018 ) .
Max E. Kramer is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology , SDQ in Germany . He is the author of the following books : Max E Kramer et al.: A Controlled Experiment Template for Evaluating the Understandability of Model Transformation Languages. ( 2016 ) was authored by Jörg Kienzle : Mapping Aspect-Oriented Models to Aspect Oriented Code. (2010 ) and the Decemelded Modifications for Different Levels of Abstraction . ( 2011 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was also authored by Max EJ. Kramer and the latter was preceded by Materyna Yurchenko & Kirill Rakhman : Automated Inversion of Attribute Mappings in Bidirectional Model Transformations . ( 2016 . (2015 ) . He was also the authored by the latter . He has also authored the book The Decelded Code ( 2015 .
The Dresden University of Technology in Germany is affiliated with both Christian Hütter 0003 and Rolf Zimmermann 0001 . The school is the primary affiliation of both the latter two . The university is also the location of the doctoral student Ulrich Hofmann , who authored the book , `` Theorie der Flusssteuerung in Rechnernetzen '' .
Sebastian Meyer 0001 is the primary affiliation of Leibniz University Hannover , Institute of Practical Computer Science and is authored by Eric Knauss et al.: Feedback-driven requirements engineering : The Heuristic Requirements Assistant . ( 2009 ) and Sebastian Meyer : Synchronisierung von Modellen mit schwach strukturierten , natürlich-sprachlichen Dokumenten . ( 2013 ) . Sebastian Meyer 01 is also the author of Sebastian Meyer LLC . The latter is the authored by Sebastian Meyer and the latter was also the co-authored by Kurt Schneider et al . HeuristicRequirements Assistant . in 2009 .
Michael Weber 0005 , authored by Matthias Kleiner et al.: Tube expansion by gas detonation . ( 2006 ) , is the primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen , Shock Wave Laboratory , which is affiliated with the Michael Weber Association for Research on Parallel algorithms for verification on large systems .
Peter Lindner 0001 is affiliated with the RWTH Aachen University in Germany and is authored by Martin Grohe and PeterLindner : The theory of infinite probabilistic databases . ( 2022 ) and also by Nofar Carmeli et al.: Tuple-Independent Representations of Infinite Probabilistic Databases. ( 2021 ) . The latter was authored by Peter Grohe & Peter Lindners . (2020 ) .
Nikolas Havrikov is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following books : NikolasHrikov et al.: XMLMate : evolutionary XML test generation. ( 2014 ) , NikolasWrikov and Andreas Zeller : Systematically Covering Input Structure . ( 2021 ) and the book `` NikolasVegen : Efficient fuzz testing leveraging input , code , and execution . (2017 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by NikolasLavrikov . This book was preceded by the book 's authored by the latter . The book was also written in the same language . ( 2015 ) . NikolasHe was the authorship of the book that was written in '1821 .
Thomas S Heinze 's primary affiliation is Friedrich Schiller University Jena , Institute of Computer Science and he authored Thomas S. Heinze et al.: BPMN in the Wild : A Reprise . ( 2022 ) , Thomas S Hartze : Security Challenges of Cloud Manufacturing : A Case Study in the Aerospace Domain ( short paper ) (2019 ) . He was also the author of the books : The authors : Jasmin Türker and Thomas S Heze : PANIC - Plugging Data Leak Detection into the Camunda Modeler ( abbreviated to TPS . ( 2016 ) and the authors : TPSL . (2021 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same paper . Heze and the printed in the Decemelding Semantic Business Process Model Clones ( 2016-2021 . ( Este Überlegungen zur Erklärbarkeit von Deep-Learning-Modellen für die Analyse von Quellcode .
Robert Niebuhr is the primary affiliation of Technische Universität Darmstadt in Germany and authored by him . He was the author of both the following works : : `` Pierre-Louis Cayrel et al.: Selecting Parameters for Secure McEliece-based Cryptosystems. ( 2011 ) , `` Robert Niesbuhrs : Attacking and defending codes over q and on the effect of partial knowledge . (2017 ) . '' . '' and `` `` `` The following : '' . The latter was preceded by `` Pierre M. Barreto et Al.: Quasi-Dyadic CFS Signatures . (2010 ) , '' which was authored by `` P.C. '' . ( 2011 . (2012 ) . ( 2012 ) .
The University of Heidelberg in Germany is affiliated with the Jörg Becker 0002 which is authored by J. Becker . Der Oberflächenwellen-Convolver als schneller Korrelator in einem digitalen Bildverarbeitungssystem . ( 1987 ) .
Thomas Thüm is the primary affiliation of TU Braunschweig , Institute of Software Engineering and Automotive Informatics , Germany . He authored Hagen Schink et al.: A Study on Tool Support for Refactoring in Database Applications. ( 2016 ) and the authors of the following : Alexander Knüppel et al : Skill-Based Verification of Cyber-Physical Systems. ( 2018 ) , Thomas Thulm et al . ( 2016 . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by Thomas Thuhm . He was also the author of the book `` Reiner Jung et al ; Addressed Challenges . (2019 ) . ( 2015 ) . He also authored the book 's `` Sven Apel & al.: Feature-interaction detection based on feature-based specifications . ( 2013 ) and 'Sloia Ananieva et al.; Implicit constraints in partial feature models . (2013 ) .
The Humboldt University of Berlin in Germany is affiliated with Klaus Friedrich 0001 who authored Klaus Friedrich : Die Entwicklung der Informationstechnologien in der Kernforschung unter den Bedingungen der wissenschaftlich-technischen Revolution . ( 1987 ) .
The Hochschule der Bayerischen Wirtschaft is affiliated to the Institute of Technology and is the primary affiliation of it . It is authored by both the authors , Steffi Leimer et al.: eLearning als Teil einer serviceorientierten Hochchulinfrastruktur ( 2008 ) and by the author , Ivan Gergintchev . The latter was authored by the latter in the year 2004 . It was preceded by the work of the authors Peter Luksch et alitta eLearning in die IuK Infrasierung von Dozenten im Bereich eLearning an der Technischen Universität München. ( 2006 ) and the author . The work of which was also written in the same year . It has been followed by the authorship of the book , Springer Elling in the form of which is also known as the `` Gemeldeldelde - Integriertes eLearning der Elling an der Talaussch und Schnittstellen . '' and the latter was written by the co-authored by the Dekschulen ( 2004 . The book was also authored by The author , which was by the TorffiLitticher Torpedo Italain : Pediments in the following : Infrastructures in the Poinchere : Standardisierter Datenaustausch & Distributed Scientific Computing : A Case Study from Industrial Practice . ( 1998 ) . This book is also the sequel to the book that was authored By the latter . The author was also the author of both the book `` Steffisierung der Kontakturen deutscher Hohschulen : SpiLettigkeit des Einsatzes von eLearning Anwissenschaft . ( 2006-2006 . '' The latter is the authored by Kontraktivisier : Pedimento Lettin : eLearningAlto elling in der Triestrittel Zur Förderung alto Qualifizierung als Mittel zur ForschUniversitat Zalaischaft ( 1996-1998 ) and also by the book 'SteffiLeimer & al.: emittiazierung Alto Qualitatssicherung : Elling Anwendung der Nachhaltigkeitschaft ' . It 's authored by SteffIleimer et
The primary affiliation of Athanasios K. Tsakalidis is the Department of Computer Engineering and Informatics , Faculty of Engineering , University of Patras , Greece . He was authored by both Dimitrios N. Vrahatis et al.: Identifying miRNA-mediated signaling subpathways by integrating paired miRNA/mRNA expression data with pathway topology . ( 2015 ) and Christos Makris and the Poet 's : A Web Platform for Non-Coding RNA Feature Calculation and MicroRNAs and Targets Prediction . (2015 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . He has been the author of the latter work . The previous work was published in the same year . It was also written in the following order : The Diploma of Information Retrieval Engines : A Multi-agent Approach . ( 2000 ) . This was preceded by the Deccanisation of the dynamic predecessor problem . ( 2006 .
Artem Polyvyanyy is the primary affiliation of the University of Melbourne , School of Computing and Information Systems , Australia . He was authored by Sander J. J. Leemans and Artem M. Poetty : Stochastic-Aware Conformance Checking : An Entropy-Based Approach . ( 2016 ) . He has also authored by Ahmed Awad et al.: Semantic Querying of Business Process Models . ( 2008 ) and also by Felix Elliger . He is the author of the book `` On Separation of Concurrency and Conflicts in Acyclic Process Models. (2020 ) .
The University of Magdeurg in Germany is the primary affiliation of the Markus Wolf 0001 which is authored by Mark Wolf and Ulrich Kleine . They are the authors of the Mark Wolf et al.: A Novel Design Assistant for Analog Circuits . ( 1998 ) and the Lihong Zhang et Al.: A new design rule for automated layout tools . ( 2000 ) .
The primary affiliation of Kim Anh Nguyen 0001 is the University of Stuttgart , Institut für Maschinelle Sprachverarbeitung , Germany . He authored two Vietnamese Datasets for Evaluating Semantic Models of ( Dis )Similarity and Relatedness in a Pattern-based Neural Network in the year 2016 . The latter was authored by both Maximilian Köper et al.: Optimizing Visual Representations in Semantic Multi-modal Models with Dimensionality Reduction , Denoising and Contextual Information . ( 2016 . and the latter by the co-authored by the latter in the Year 2016 .
Johannes Wienke is the primary affiliation of the Bielefeld University in Germany and is the author of the following works : JohannesWienke et al.: A Data Set for Fault Detection Research on Component-based Robotic Systems. ( 2016 ) , Dinesh Babu Jayagopi et al . ( 2013 ) , and Sebastian Wrede : The Cognitive Interaction Toolkit : a conversational human-robot-interaction dataset . ( 2014 ) . ( 2016 . The latter was authored by him . He is the authored by the latter . He was also the co-author of the work that preceded the publication of the journal `` The Information Systems . (2013 ) . He also authored the journal 's `` Advances in robotics and intelligent systems . ( 2018 ) .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of the academic Adrian Heinrich Hoppe . He was authored by the following : He was the author of the following works : The authors of the books : The Deccan Herald , Heppe et al.: ShiSha : Enabling Shared Perspective With Face-to-Face Collaboration Using Redirected Avatars in Virtual Reality. ( 2021 ) , He was also the authored by : Helder Hoppe et Al.: Interaction with Three Dimensional Objects : Using Modified World Views to Overcome Real-Life Limitations in Virtual reality. ( 2016 ) , The Electronic Environments in the year '2021 , the printed in the Year '1821 , and the authorship of the Eternity : Increasing the Usability and Productivity of Virtual Environments. (2021 ) . (2018 ) , and also the authors : The latter was written by the latter was also in the same year . Heppe , who was also authored by both the author : The book '1818 . Helder ' was the co-authored by the book '1918 and the author 'Adrian Heinrich Heppe ' , which was also written by '1921 . Hepper Hoppe and Heppe which was written in the form of the latter ' , was the book `` Adhere : An affiliate of the eternity with the Low Vision in the Virtual reality . (2020 ) . The latter is also the work of the author , Admirall Hoppe , whose primary affiliation is the Karlshe Institute Of Technology . The authors are : The following : The author of this book was also Adrian Heppe : Heppe and his co-author was : Heier Hoppe 's : The Orthopedic Ortho-Influenced by : `` Admiral Hoppe : Eterna : Interaction of Distant and Local Users in a Collaborative Virtual Eternality. (2018 '18 ) , which is also known as 'Admiral Heinrich ' , who has also authored the works : Admiralle : Calibration of Diversion of Diverse Tracking Systems to Enable Local Collaborative Mixed Reality . ( 2018 ) and '18-1919 . The author 's work was also edited by : The Co-author ' : The 'Helder ' and 'Eterna ' : 'Ilder Heinrich was also involved in ': Interaction With ' with ' the 'Influ
Zhenhua Wang 0006 , authored in 1990 , is the primary affiliation of ETH Zurich , Switzerland and is the source of Zhenhone Wang : Current mode analog integrated circuits and linearization techniques in CMOS technology .
Johannes Sebastian Mueller-Roemer is the primary affiliation of TU Darmstadt , Germany . He authored Daniel Weber et al.: A p-multigrid Algorithm using Cubic Finite Elements for Sparse Matrices with Compound Entries on GPUs . ( 2021 ) and Daniel M.M.R . ( 2014 ) . He was also the author of Daniel Ströter et al : Collateral Tetrahedral Mesh Editor with Immediate Simulations Into Web-based Compromated Computational Fluid Dynamics . (2020 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also the authored by the co-authored by the Deformation simulation using cubic finite elements and efficient Deformation Simulation . ( 2015 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany is Rolf Zimmermann 0001 which authored the book RolfZimmermann : Ausgewählte Grundlagen für die rechnergestützte Technische Modellierung im Maschinenbau . ( 1987 ) .
Fidaa Abed is the primary affiliation of the Technische Universität München in Germany and was authored by Fidaas Abed et al.: A Linear Delay Linear Space Algorithm for Enumeration of All Connected Induced Subgraphs . ( 2018 ) and Fida A Abed and Chien-Chung Huang : Preemptive Coordination Mechanisms for Unrelated Machines . ( 2014 ) . The latter two were both written in the same way . The former was preceded by the latter in the form of the latter . They were both authored in the following order . Fidaata Abed , which was also authored in this order . In the same year they were the authors of the same book . FIDAA Abed & al.: Near-Optimal Asymmetric Binary Matrix Partitions . ( 2012 and 2015 respectively .
The Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt in Germany is affiliated with the Wolfgang Göttert 0001 which authored the book `` Wolfgang Gottingen : Einsatz von Mikrorechnern beim UP-Schweissen . ''
The Wei Ye 0002 is affiliated with the University of Technology in Germany and was authored by Rolf Ernst et al.: The COSYMA environment for hardware/software cosynthesis of small embedded systems . ( 1996 ) and Fabian Wolf et al : Path clustering in software timing analysis based on path clustering and architecture classification . ( 2001 ) .
Benjamin Tannert is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen in Germany and authored the books : Anke Marei Brock et al.: SIG : Making Maps Accessible Barriers Using Cost-Benefit Analysis to Design Reliable Navigation Services for Wheelchair Users . ( 2018 ) , He also authored : Digitale Medien für Menschen mit Lernschwierigkeiten Entwicklung und Erprobung eines mobilen Assistenzsystems für kontextbezogenes Lernen . ( 2021 ) . He was authored in the same year . He is the author of the book that led to the publication of the work that was preceded by the book `` Ankemmarrantisation Systems for People with Mobility Impairments . (2018 ) .
Jens Kruse 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Deutscher Sporthochschule Koln , Germany and authored the book Jenskontakt : Gesundheitssport für Kinder - Entwicklung und Darstellung eines praktisch-orientierten Computerprogramms für den Schulsport auf der Grundlage theoretisch-konzeptioneller Ansätze . ( 1998 ) .
Alexander Kulik is the primary affiliation of the Bauhaus University of Weimar , Computer Science and Media Department in Germany . He was authored by André Kunert et al.: The Globefish : A novel input device for desktop-based 3D interaction . ( 2009 ) and by Tim Weißker et al : Spatial Updating and Simulator Sickness During Steering and Augmented Reality in Everyday Context ( VARECo ) . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of Alexander Kudlik et al . The latter work . He also authored by the latter work and was the co-authored by the authors : The Groovepad : A Handheld Device for 3D-Presentations . ( 2012 ) .
Robert Niebuhr is the primary affiliation of Technische Universität Darmstadt in Germany and authored by him . He was the author of both the following works : : `` Pierre-Louis Cayrel et al.: Selecting Parameters for Secure McEliece-based Cryptosystems. ( 2011 ) , `` Robert Niesbuhrs : Attacking and defending codes over q and on the effect of partial knowledge . (2017 ) . '' . '' and `` `` `` The following : '' . The latter was preceded by `` Pierre M. Barreto et Al.: Quasi-Dyadic CFS Signatures . (2010 ) , '' which was authored by `` P.C. '' . ( 2011 . (2012 ) . ( 2012 ) .
Jens Lindemann 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Hamburg in Germany and is authored by both Jens Molnar et al.: Anonymity Online for Everyone : What Is Missing for Zero-Effort Privacy on the Internet . ( 2015 ) and Jens Lemann et al : Catching Inside Attackers : Balancing Forensic Detectability and Privacy of Employees . ( 2016 ) . The latter is the authored by the authors of Jens L.Eng . and the Ephraim Zimmer et al . which is the co-resident VMs via a memory-deduplication side-channel attack to detect App vendors and website owners honour their privacy rights in 2016 . (2015 .
The Gerhard Mercator University Duisburg , Department of Computer Science is the primary affiliation of Stefan Müller 0001 which is authored by the following authors : Stefan M.Engel and Gerhard Rigoll : Engineering Drawing Database Retrieval using Pseudo 3-D Hmms for Image Sequence Recognition . ( 1999 ) and Stefan Eickeler et al.: Invariante Erkennung handskizzierter Piktogramme mit Anwendungsmöglichkeiten in der inhaltsorientierten Bilddatenbankabfrage . ( 1998 ) . The latter is the authored by Stefan Molnar 0001 . This is the sequel to the earlier work which was written by the latter in 1999 .
Sebastian Baltes is the primary affiliation of QAware in Germany . He is the author of the following books : SebastianBaltes et al.: Linking Sketches and Diagrams to Source Code Artifacts . (2017 ) , Raula Gaikovina Kula & al.: Challenges for Inclusion in Software Engineering : The Case of the Emerging Papua New Guinean Society . (2022 ) , Jakun Liu et al . ( 2021 ) and Fabian Beck et al.; RegViz : Supporting the Lifecycle of Software DevelopmentSketches from Analog to Digital and Back . ( 2017 ) . ( 2016 ) , and Sebastian Baltices and Markus Wagner : An annotated dataset of stack overflow post edits . (2020 ) .
Birte Richter is the primary affiliation of Birtefeld University in Germany and was authored by Birte Carlmeyer et al.: The Attention-Hesitation Model , A Non-Intrusive Intervention Strategy for Incremental Smart Home Dialogue Management . ( 2021 ) and Isabel Klemme et al : How to Address Smart Homes with a Social Robot? A Multi-Directional and Agile Academic Knowledge Transfer Strategy for Healthcare Technology . ( 2016 ) . Birte Heckter was the author of both the books . The latter was written in the same year and the latter was authored in the following order : The Hesitating Robot - Implementation and First Impressions . (2017 . ( 2018 ) and the previous one was in addition to the Information Presentation in an Object Fetching Task . ( 2017 ) .
Michael Müller 0007 is the primary affiliation of Kaiserslautern University of Technology in Germany and was authored by him . The book was published in 1983 .
The Darmstadt University of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Wasiur R KhudaBukhsh which was authored by Wasiurs R.KhudaBuchsh et al.: A Comprehensive Analysis of Swarming-based Live Streaming to Leverage Client Heterogeneity . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the works that were published in the following order : `` The Generalized Performance Evaluation Framework for Parallel Systems with Compromised Conditions : Bounds and Applications . '' and `` The Addressed By '' . The latter was preceded by `` The Advised By '' WasiUR R.K.L.W.E.S . (2017 ) and wasiursand al.: Analysing and leveraging client heterogeneity in the same year . (2016 ) . ' and 'W.wasiurR.Khudhsh ' , which was also authored by 'Adrian Sosic & al.: Cross-Layer QoE-based Inverse Reinforcement Learning in Swarm Systems ' ( 2016 .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Jörg Fischer 0001 which is authored by Jg Fischer et al.: Optimal Sequence-Based Control and Estimation of Networked Linear Systems . ( 2012 ) . It is also the author of the Achim Hekler & al.: Sequence-based LQG control over stochastic networks with linear integral constraints . ( 2014 ) . The latter was preceded by the work by the publication of the work of the book `` J.F.E .
Carsten Thomas : Hierarchical object nets-a methodology for graphical modeling of discrete event systems . ( 1993 ) is the primary affiliation of the Braunschweig University of Technology in Germany . The University is affiliated with CarstenThomas : Ein objektorientiertes Konzept zur Modellierung und Simulation komplexer Systeme . ( 1996 ) .
The primary affiliation of Pawel Swierczynski is Ruhr University Bochum , Germany and he is the author of the following books : `` Maik Ender et al.: Insights into the mind of a trojan designer : the challenge to integrate a trojans through Detecting and Weakening of Cryptographic Primitives . ( 2015 ) , 'Pawel Swiersczynski & al.: Bitstream Fault Injections (BiFI ) - Automated Fault Attacks against SRAM-based FPGAs. ( 2016 ) , both authored by Marc Fyrbiak et al . ( 2013 ) and 'WarmelSwierco : The Missing Piece of the Puzzle for Hardware Reverse Engineering , Trojan Detection and Insertion . (2019 ) . ' . The latter was authored by the author ' in the latter was also in the same year .
Thomas Winkler 0006 is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Magdeburg in Germany . It is the author of the Eine Methode zur Bestimmung optimaler Instandhaltungsstrategien für redundante Systeme . ( 1983 ) .
Annika Wagner is the primary affiliation of the Fulda University of Applied Science , Department of Applied Computer Science . She was authored by both Reiko Heckel and Martin Gogolla in the following works : AnnikaWagner : On the Role of Method Families for Aspect-Oriented Programming . ( 1999 ) and the work that was written in the same year . The latter was also authored by Annika , who is the author of the works : The Galina Besova et al.: Entwicklungsprozess von Web-Anwendungen . ( 2003 ) , the latter was preceded by the work in the form of the same publication . In 1999 . Annika was also the authored by Karmarina Mehner and Annika/Annika Wagner : A formal object specification technique using rule-based transformation of partial algebras . ( 1996 . ( 1998 ) and in the year that Annika 's sequel to the publication of the book Annika . ( 2000 ) . This book was written by the same author . The book was also written in that same year and the latter by the author Annika also . In this book was the same book . The work was also co-authored by the latter . In addition to this was the work which was also used in the previous year 's complete information . This publication was also followed by the works of Annika ( 1999-2000 . In that year they were both authored by the following : The publication was Annika : The full-text of the publication was the `` germanqi-based Reliability Prediction of Service Compositions - a constructive approach . '' Annika is the authorship of both the following . The authors were Annika and Martin Groogolla and the Poet 's work : The following : `` Annika-Wagners : The Advidentity of Affirmative Behavior by Attributed Graph Transformations ' ( 1996-2000 ) . ( 2002-2003 ) . It was also preceded by `` Galina-Bengal : The Affirmation of the Conditions for the Synchronization of Java-Threads with UML . ( 2001-2002 ) and also the work of the authors : `` Gregoryor Engels et Al.: Reputation-basedReliability Prediction ' ( 2003-2004 ) . `` In this case ' was the co-authored by `` The authors : '' , Annika '' , `` In other works : `` In the same '' was `` The Gal
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Swati Chandna 0001 which was authored by the following authors : The authors of the following books are : The following : The Library of Congress has been edited in the following order : The journal ISSN has been Authored by the authors : `` Harnass et al.: Quanticod revisited . Neue Ansätze zur quantitativen Analyse mittelalterlicher Handschriftenbestände . ( 2015 , `` Gegenstand "archäologischer" Forschung jenseits : '' The Poetings : '' , `` MittelAlto eCodicology - Livestructured : Chancen für die Zeitschrife et al*: Compilten im Projekt eCod . '' ( 2016 ) , '' '' and `` SwatiChrife tributalliche HandschRiften '' ( 2015 - 2016 . ( 2016 .
Maximilian Fickert is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following books : The authors of MaximilimilianFickert : A Novel Lookahead Strategy for Delete Relaxation Heuristics in Greedy Best-First Search ( 2022 ) , the authored by both Jörg Hoffmann : Ranking Conjunctions for Partial Delete Relaxations in Planning . (2017 ) and Maximoian Ficksert : The latter was authored by the latter was written in the same year . He also authored in the following order : Maximilia Fickett : The complete Local Search Using Estimates of Uncertainty . ( 2021 ) and the authored in Enforcement and heuristic search . (2022 ) . (2018 ) . The latter book was preceded by the written by the co-authored by the Karl Eifler et al.: Bounded-cost Search using Estimates ofuncertainty. (2021 .
Parisa Memarmoshrefi is the primary affiliation of the University of Gottingen , Institute for Computer Science , Germany and was authored by William Casey et al.: Deception , identity , and security : the game theory of sybil attacks . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of ParisaMemarmowi : An AI-Based Transmission Power-Control Certificate Omission in Mobile Ad-hoc Networks . ( 2015 ) and ParisaMarmowli : A Bio-Inspired Autonomous Authentication Mechanism inMobile Ad-Hoc Networks. ( 2013 ) . The latter was preceded by Parisa M.E . (2013 ) and William Casey & al.: Identity Deception and Game Deterrence via Signaling Games. ( 2016 . (2015 ) .
The primary affiliation of Champika Ranasinghe is the University of Twente , culty of Electrical Engineering , Mathematics , and Computer Science , Enschede , The Netherlands . The company is the author of the following books : The authorship of the books : `` Champika Manel Ranasingshe et al.: Visualizing Location Uncertainty on Mobile Devices : Assessing Users ' Perception and Preferences . ( 2016 ) , '' which was authored by E.R.I . A. C. M. Uduwaragoda et al . (2018 ) , `` Champiki EpaRanasinghe : Adapting navigation support to positional information of varying quality . '' , `` Cross-Cultural Differences in Perceptions and Preferences. ( 2018 ) , '18 , ' , ' ( 2016 , '1917 , ' and '08 , ' in-the-wild Studies . ( 2018 . (2019 , '17 , and '18 ) . The latter was also authored by the latter was written by the company ' , which was itself authored by him . in the same year . ( also known as `` C.I.W . ' . '' . ( which was also written in the year '17 ) . ' , was also the authored by '08 . , which is also the co-authored by the author : '08 and '09 . `` The latter is the sequel to '08-19 . `` , which itself was also preceded by '09-1912 . `` He was also co-authored by the same author . ' in the following order : `` X.R . I. A.C . M.U.W. ' . He . He 's also authored in the latter . ' which was written in '19 . He has also authored `` The following : '' : `` The authors : '' , '08 : `` '' : 'Champika Ranaserhe , '09 : '09 , '06 : `` He ' was also Authored by `` The Authorented by '' : '' ; `` The Information : Identifier : Location Information Quality : A.L.C.E . & 'W.I ' , '' '08 - '09 - '08 ; '08 ': '09 ' : `` E. R. I.A.C' : 'E.R' : `` C:I.E.L . ' : ' , `` X:R:Influenced : `` Evaluating User Experience under Location Information
The University of Hagen in Germany is the primary affiliation of Marco X. Bornschlegl . He is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : The following : The book `` Marco X : Erweiterte Visuelle Benutzerschnittstellen für Big-Data-Analysen . (2019 ) , '' The authors are : Michael Kaufmann et al.: A Conceptual Architecture for AI-based Big Data Analysis and Visualization Supporting Metagenomics Research. ( 2016 ) , `` Thoralf Reis & al.: CODEN : A Reference Model for Advanced Visual Interfaces Supporting Big Data-Anten. (2019 '' , `` Marking and Qualitative Evaluation of a Management Canvas for Big Data . (2020 ) . (2017 ) and `` Christian Danowski-Buhren & Information Visualization & Information-Verification . ( 2016 '' .
Kristina Yordanova is the primary affiliation of the University of Rostock , Institute of Computer Science in Germany . She authored Martin Nyolt et al.: Checking Models for Activity Recognition ( 2015 ) , the authors of which , are Frank Krüger et al : Towards Tool Support for Computational Causal Behavior Models for ( 2016 ) and the authors Tomz Sosnowski and KristinaY.Yordanova : A probabilistic conversational agent for intelligent tutoring systems . ( 2015 . The latter was also authored in the same year . It was followed by the work in the following : Advances in large state spaces . (2021 ) . ( 2016 . It is the authored by Frank Krussweghereh et al . ( 2012 ) .
Walter Brenner is the primary affiliation of the University of St. Gallen in Switzerland and authored by Alexander Ritschel et al.: SOX-IT-Compliance bei Novartis . ( 2006 ) . He was also the author of both the authors : Manuel Holler et al : The Role of Product Usage Data for Product Development enabled by intelligent Properties . ( 2016 ) and also the authors of the E-mail embedded software prototype for knowledge management . The latter was discovered in the year 2016 . He also authored by both the latter . Hehn et al ; On Integrating Design Thinking for Human-Centered Requirements Engineering. ( 2016 . ( 2015 ) and the authors , both of which were coined in the same year . The authorship of the latter was coined by the latter in the past . It was also written in the form of the PoCockpit .
Ana-Maria Olteteanu is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Spatial Cognition Center in Germany and was authored by Faheem Hassan Zunjani and Ana-Marisa Oltetteeanu : Are all Remote Associates Test equal? An overview and comparison of the CRIDENames for Computational Modelling and Creativity Support using Associative Creativity and Creative Problem Solving . (2019 ) and Jan Philipp Behrens . The latter was authored in the same year . It was followed by the work in the works in the following order : An introduction of the following : An initial Validation . ( 2018 ) and the associated with Eureka in Four Not-So-Easy Steps : Towards Creative Visuospatial Intelligence . (2018 ) .
Maximilian Junker is the primary affiliation of TU Munich , Department of Informatics in Germany and was authored by Jannik Fischbach et al.: SPECMATE : Automated Creation of Test Cases from Acceptance Criteria . ( 2016 ) . He also authored Benedikt Hauptmann et al : SMT-Based False Positive Elimination in Static Program Analysis . ( 2012 ) and Sebastian Eder & al.: Which Features Do My Users ( Not ) Use? ( 2014 ) .
The primary affiliation of the FZI Forschungszentrum Informatik Karlsuhe in Germany is the German government of Eugenie Giesbrecht who authored the books : In Search of Semantic Compositionality in Vector Spaces. ( 2009 ) , in 2009 , in the form of the Condensed Tensor Space Model of Natural Language Semantics . ( 2014 ) and in the same year was the Co-authored by Sebastian Rudolph and Eugenia GiesBrecht : Conditional Matrix-Space Models of Language . ( 2013 ) . The latter was followed by the book : Inositio Combining Data-Driven and Semantic Approaches for Text Mining . ( 2011 .
Guido Schmitz is the primary affiliation of Royal Holloway , University of London , UK and is the author of Daniel Fett et al.: A Comprehensive Formal Security Analysis of OAuth 2.0. ( 2016 ) , which was authored in the following order : : The authors of Guido SPRESSO : A Secure , Privacy-Respecting Single Sign-On System for the Web. ( 2015 ) , and the authors of the following : The An In-Depth Symbolic Verification Framework for Executable Cryptographic Protocol Code. ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , Guido Shmitz 's ( 2015 . The latter is also known as GuidoSchmitz . (3021 ) and Daniel Flemish , LLC DY*: A Modular Symbolic Security analysis of the ACME Standard . 2021 , both were written in the same year .
Alexander Marx is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He authored Alexander Marx et al.: EDISON-WMW : Exact Dynamic Programing Solution of the Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney Test . ( 2016 ) and Alexander Marx & Jilles Vreeken : Identifiability of Cause and Effect using Regularized Regression . (2019 ) . The latter was authored by Alexander Marx . Alexander Marx was the author of Alexander Marx 's book Alexander Marx and the Weaker Faithfulness Assumption based on Triple Interactions . (2021 ) . ( 2021 ) , the latter was the authored by the latter 's co-authored Alexander Marx in the same year . AlexanderMarx was the prequel to Alexander Marx : Information-Theoretic Causal Discovery based on triple interactions in 2021 .
Peter Nyhuis is the primary affiliation of the Universitat Hannover in Germany and was authored by both Gregoryor von Cieminski and Peter Wyhuis : Influences of Human Operators on the Logistics of Manufacturing Cells . ( 2003 ) and Carsten Wagner . ( 2009 ) . He also authored the book `` Helge Winkler et al.: A controlling system based on cause-effect relationships for the ramp-up of production systems . ( 2006 ) .
The Dresden University of Technology in Germany is affiliated with both Christian Hütter 0003 and Rolf Zimmermann 0001 . The school is the primary affiliation of both the latter two . The university is also the location of the doctoral student Ulrich Hofmann , who authored the book , `` Theorie der Flusssteuerung in Rechnernetzen '' .
Nadeschda Nikitina is the primary affiliation of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany and is the author of the following books : `` Nadejda Nikitsina et al.: Reasoning-Supported Interactive Revision of Knowledge Bases . ( 2011 ) , `` NadeshchdaNikitina and SvenSchewe : The newsEvents Ontology - An Ontology for Describing Business Events . ( 2009 ) , '' which was authored by both NadesChda Nikitaina and Lösch . ( 2012 ) . '' , `` '' . The latter was written in the same language . '' . It was authored in the following order : '' : '' , 'Echo : Forgetting in General EL Terminologies . (2009 ) , '2012 ' , ' and 'Nadeschta Nikiteria : Succinctness in EL ' ( 2013 ) . ( 2013 .
Thomas König : Computerunterstützte Peakidentifizierung in der HPLC mit Diodenarray-Detektoren is authored by Giovanno Marcelo Cárdenas and is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . The University is affiliated with Yana Momchilova Mileva and Sergio Roa .
Nikolas Havrikov is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following books : NikolasHrikov et al.: XMLMate : evolutionary XML test generation. ( 2014 ) , NikolasWrikov and Andreas Zeller : Systematically Covering Input Structure . ( 2021 ) and the book `` NikolasVegen : Efficient fuzz testing leveraging input , code , and execution . (2017 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by NikolasLavrikov . This book was preceded by the book 's authored by the latter . The book was also written in the same language . ( 2015 ) . NikolasHe was the authorship of the book that was written in '1821 .
Sebastian Meyer 0001 is the primary affiliation of Leibniz University Hannover , Institute of Practical Computer Science and is authored by Eric Knauss et al.: Feedback-driven requirements engineering : The Heuristic Requirements Assistant . ( 2009 ) and Sebastian Meyer : Synchronisierung von Modellen mit schwach strukturierten , natürlich-sprachlichen Dokumenten . ( 2013 ) . Sebastian Meyer 01 is also the author of Sebastian Meyer LLC . The latter is the authored by Sebastian Meyer and the latter was also the co-authored by Kurt Schneider et al . HeuristicRequirements Assistant . in 2009 .
The primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Germany is the School of Medicine of Sukanya Bhowmik which is authored by Vitor Pinheiro de Almeida et al.: DSCEP : An Infrastructure for Distributed Semantic Complex Event Processing . (2020 ) and Christian Mayer et al : HYPE : Massive Hypergraph Partitioning with Neighborhood Expansion . (2018 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the author , Jonathan Falk & al.: Dynamic QoS-Aware Traffic Planning for Time-Triggered Flows with Conflict Graphs . ( 2021 ) .
Johannes Bauer 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Hamburg in Germany and was authored by Johannes Bauer and Stefan Wermter . It is the author of Johannes Bauer et al.: A SOM-based model for multi-sensory integration in the superior colliculus . ( 2015 ) and Johannes Bauer & Stefan Wermanter : Self-Organized Neural Learning of Statistical Inference from High-Dimensional Data . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was preceded by the publication of the J. Bauer and K.D . ( 2014 ) and the latter was also written in the same publication . The J.D. ( 2015 . ( 2016 ) . Johannes Bauer was the authorship of the latter is also the authors of the Johannes Bauer . This publication was also published in the journal Johannes Bauer 's ( 2013 .
The primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt (Chemnitz ) in Germany is the Mathias Nagel Institute for Mathematisch-statistische Modelle für die Kontrolle der mikrobiologischen Belastung von Gewässern . ( 1984 ) .
The primary affiliation of Tilmann Rabl is the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam , Germany . They are the authors of the books Todor Ivanov et al.: Big Data , High Performance Computing , and Machine Learning Benchmarks. ( 2021 ) and the books Clemens Lutz & al.: Pump Up the Volume : Processing Large Data on GPUs with Fast Interconnects . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the latter and the latter by the former . They were also written in the same year . The book was also published in the following order : Paul Cao et al . TPCx-BB : Standardization of a Big Data Benchmark. ( 2016 . It was also authored in the year 2016 . Both were authored by The Fall 2016 and the following year .
The Technical University of Darmstadt , CASED , Germany is the primary affiliation of Ferdinand Brasser . He was authored by both Raad Bahmani et al.: Secure Multiparty Computation from SGX . ( 2016 ) and Andrew Paverd et al : Practical and Secure Index with SGX. ( 2017 ) . He is also the author of the works of both Gruppo Gruppo eIgli et al . SADAN : Scalable Adversary Detection in Autonomous Networks ( 2016 . and also the authors of both the books of `` Hamid Reza Ghaeini & CTI State-aware anomaly detection for industrial control systems . (2018 ) . (2019 ) . The latter was preceded by the book by the latter . He also authored by The authors of `` Xpedist Sarrezi - Usable Cryptographic Tokens with Secure Execution . ( 2012 . ( 2019 ) .
Dieter Lorenz 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Bielefeld in Germany and was authored by Robert Giegerich and DieterLorenz : ViSeL - An interactive course in DNA Sequencing . ( 1998 ) .
Helmut Hoyer is the primary affiliation of the University of Hagen in Germany and is the author of the following books : Michael Gerke et al.: From Simulation to Virtual Reality : A Robotic Application . ( 1994 ) , Ein Beitrag zur Entwicklung von digitalen Differentialanalysatoren für den Einsatz in Hybridrechnern. ( 1980 ) . He was authored by Helmut Hartoyer and his co-authored by Thomas Berkel et al . He is also the co-author of `` Martin Witte et al ! Virtuelles Labor-Nutzung in Echtzeit für Robotersysteme. (1997 ) . ( 1998 ) and `` Migrationsstrategie e-Learning . ( 1997 ) .
Davide Chicco and Giuseppe Jurman : Arterial Disease Computational Prediction and Health Record Feature Ranking Among Patients Diagnosed With Inflammatory Bowel Disease . ( 2021 ) is more reliable than balanced accuracy , bookmaker informedness , and markedness in two-class confusion matrix evaluation . ( 2014 ) . It was authored by Davidechco and Luca Oneto : Data analytics and clinical feature ranking of medical records of patients with sepsis . (2021 ) . The latter was preceded by the publication of the book Delphco et al.: The Matthews correlation coefficient ( MCC . ( 2011 ) . DavideChicco and Marco Masseroli : Extended Spearman and Kendall Coefficients for Gene Annotation List Correlation . (2014 ) . ( 2015 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany is Rolf Zimmermann 0001 which authored the book RolfZimmermann : Ausgewählte Grundlagen für die rechnergestützte Technische Modellierung im Maschinenbau . ( 1987 ) .
Laura Kallmeyer is the primary affiliation of Heinrich Heine University in Düsseldorf , Germany . She is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : `` Bella Mauer et al.: Coarse Lexical Frame Acquisition at the Syntax-Semantics Interface Using a Latent-Variable PCFG Model . ( 2003 ) , 'Weeds Samih et al.Al.: A Neural Architecture for Dialectal Arabic Segmentation. (2017 ) and 'Wegmen & Grausswald : An Analysis of Directed Motion Expressions with Lexicalized Tree Adjoining Grammars and Frame Semantics. (2000 ) . ( 2016 ) . ' and 'UnsupervisedLexical Frame Induction ' ( 2016 . ( 2015 ) , the latter was authored by 'Shegmen and 'Towards - Ein Korpusannotierungsstandard Zur Unterstützung (2017 . (2018 ) .
Joachim Clemens is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Cognitive Neuroinformatics in Germany . He was authored by Thomas Reineking and Joachimo Clemens : Emidential FastSLAM for grid mapping. ( 2013 ) and the Andreas Grimmer et al.: Formal methods for reasoning and uncertainty reduction in evidential grid maps. ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored in the same year . He is also the author of the book `` JoachIM Clemens and Kerstin Schill : Extended Kalman filter with the manifold state representation for navigating a maneuverable melting probe . (2017 ) . It was preceded by the book 's ( 2018 ) .
Giovanno Marcelo Cárdenas et al.: A Linear Scale-Space Theory for Continuous Nonlocal Evolutions in image processing. ( 2015 ) is the authored by Giovannowo Marquez . He is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , which is affiliated with Maximilian Fickert and has Yana Momchilova Mileva as their primary affiliation .
Christian Schulz 0003 is affiliated with Heidelberg University in Germany and is authored by Lars Gottesbüren et al.: Deep Multilevel Graph Partitioning and Clustering . ( 2014 ) . The latter publication was preceded by the work of Marcelo Fonseca Faraj and al.: High-Quality Hierarchical Process Mapping . ( 2016 ) and was authored by Roland Glantz et al . ( 2021 ) .
Michael J. Carey 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of California , Irvine , USA and was authored by both Chen Luo and Michael J Carey : Efficient Data Ingestion and Query Processing for LSM-based Storage Systems . (2019 ) and the authors of Mary Tork Roth et al.: The Garlic Project . ( 1996 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was also the author of the book `` Simultaneous Information Management in the AquaLogic Data Services Platform . ( 2016 ) .
Sergio Roa is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following works : Sergio Roas et al.: Mapping between Compositional Semantic Representations and Lexical Semantic Resources : Towards Accurate Deep Semantic Parsing . ( 2008 ) , Sergio RoA et al : Fundamental Frequency Estimation Based on Pitch-Scaled Harmonic Filtering . ( 2007 ) , and SergioRoa & Fernando Niño : Classification of Natural Language Sentences using Neural Networks . ( 2003 ) . The latter was authored by him . ( 2004 ) and the latter was written in 2016 . He also authored in the same language . ( 2016 ) .
The University of Magdeurg in Germany is the primary affiliation of the Markus Wolf 0001 which is authored by Mark Wolf and Ulrich Kleine . They are the authors of the Mark Wolf et al.: A Novel Design Assistant for Analog Circuits . ( 1998 ) and the Lihong Zhang et Al.: A new design rule for automated layout tools . ( 2000 ) .
Thomas Kittel 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Technical University of Munich in Germany and is authored by Andreas Fischer et al.: CloudIDEA : A Malware Defense Architecture for Cloud Data Centers . ( 2016 ) , Sebastian Vogl et al : Dynamic Hooks : Hiding Control Flow Changes within Non-Control Data . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by Julian Kirsch et al ; Combating Control Flow Linearization . (2017 ) . It was also authored by Tomas K. Lengyel et al . The Automotive Case . ( 2013 ) .
The Hochschule der Bayerischen Wirtschaft is affiliated to the Institute of Technology and is the primary affiliation of it . It is authored by both the authors , Steffi Leimer et al.: eLearning als Teil einer serviceorientierten Hochchulinfrastruktur ( 2008 ) and by the author , Ivan Gergintchev . The latter was authored by the latter in the year 2004 . It was preceded by the work of the authors Peter Luksch et alitta eLearning in die IuK Infrasierung von Dozenten im Bereich eLearning an der Technischen Universität München. ( 2006 ) and the author . The work of which was also written in the same year . It has been followed by the authorship of the book , Springer Elling in the form of which is also known as the `` Gemeldeldelde - Integriertes eLearning der Elling an der Talaussch und Schnittstellen . '' and the latter was written by the co-authored by the Dekschulen ( 2004 . The book was also authored by The author , which was by the TorffiLitticher Torpedo Italain : Pediments in the following : Infrastructures in the Poinchere : Standardisierter Datenaustausch & Distributed Scientific Computing : A Case Study from Industrial Practice . ( 1998 ) . This book is also the sequel to the book that was authored By the latter . The author was also the author of both the book `` Steffisierung der Kontakturen deutscher Hohschulen : SpiLettigkeit des Einsatzes von eLearning Anwissenschaft . ( 2006-2006 . '' The latter is the authored by Kontraktivisier : Pedimento Lettin : eLearningAlto elling in der Triestrittel Zur Förderung alto Qualifizierung als Mittel zur ForschUniversitat Zalaischaft ( 1996-1998 ) and also by the book 'SteffiLeimer & al.: emittiazierung Alto Qualitatssicherung : Elling Anwendung der Nachhaltigkeitschaft ' . It 's authored by SteffIleimer et
The primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany is Yana Momchilova Mileva which is authored by YanaMomchilva et al.: Illumination-Robust Variational Optical Flow with Photometric Invariants . ( 2007 ) and Andreas Zeller : Assessing Modity via usage changes . ( 2011 ) . The latter is the authored work of Yana M.M.L.A .
Michael Witt 0001 is affiliated with the Free University of Berlin in Germany and authored by Jie Wu et al.: Extending XNAT towards a Cloud-based Quality Assessment Platform for Retinal Optical Coherence Tomographies . ( 2014 ) . He was also the author of `` Michael Witt : Generation of Secure Runtime Environments for Untrusted Applications Through Machine Code Analysis . ( 2021 ) , '' which was authored by Maryna Khvastova et al . ( 2015 ) .
Jan Kriege is the primary affiliation of TU Dortmund , Department of Computer Science in Germany and is authored by Peter Buchholz et al.: Modellierung korrelierter Eingabedaten für Simulationen . ( 2016 ) and Peter Bucholnz et Al.: Modelling Human Decisions in Performance and Dependability Models . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him and was preceded by the book `` Populistenzprüfung von ProC/B-Modellen zur Vorbereitung einer simulativen Analyse . '' in 2016 .
The primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Jörg Müller 0007 which is authored by Jog Müller : Entwicklung eines Expertensystems zur Auswahl von Greifern für Handhabungsaufgaben . ( 1997 ) .
Uwe Arnold 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Giessen in Germany and authored the book UweArmen : Die Entwicklung und frühere Bedeutung des Harzer Rotviehs unter Berücksichtigung der geographisch und sozial bedingten Verhältnisse im Zuchtgebiet sowie die Einbeziehung von EDV-Auswertungsergebnissen noch Vorkörbücher : e. Beitr . Zum Harzer rotvieh . ( 1985 ) .
Johannes Schauer Marin Rodrigues is the primary affiliation of Julius-Maximilians-Universität Würzburg , Germany and is the author of the books : The authors of the following : The following : Johannes Schau and Andreas Nüchter : Digitizing automotive production lines without interrupting assembly operations through an automatic voxel-based removal of moving objects in 3D Point Clouds . ( 2016 ) , and the book `` The KITTI dataset . '' . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by Johann Schauer . He was also authored by Pietro Abate and Andreas Schauer : Collision detection between point clouds using an efficient k-d tree implementation . (2013 ) . ( 2015 ) , the latter was preceded by the book 'Joharmar Rodrigues . ( 2014 ) .
Salomon Sickert 's primary affiliation is the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , Israel . He was authored by Udi Boker et al.: On the Translation of Automata to Linear Temporal Logic. ( 2022 ) and Orna Kupferman et al : The 5th Reactive Synthesis Competition ( SyNTCOMP 2018 : Benchmarks , Participants & Results . ( 2019 ) . He is also the author of Jan Kretínský et Al.: One Theorem to Rule Them All : A Unified Translation of LTL into ω-Automata . ( 2021 ) .
Michael Weber , who authored Michael Weber : An application development method for Xputers . ( 1990 ) , is the primary affiliation of Kaiserslautern University of Technology , Germany .
Dhiraj Gulati is the primary affiliation of the fortiss GmbH in Munich , Germany and is the author of the following books : The following are the works : The D.Gulati et al.: Graph based cooperative localization using symmetric measurement equations and dedicated short range communication . (2017 ) , the Gruppo Gruppo L.P.E. ( 2016 ) , and the `` Feihu Zhang et al . Ltd . '' ( 2018 ) . The latter was preceded by the `` d.L.O.E . '' , the `` D.D.Eng.Eng . '' . ( 2016 . , and its associated with the `` Gruppo 's '' , which was authored by the Gruppe L.O . ( 2017 ) .
Peter Protzel 's primary affiliation is Fakultät für Elektrotechnik und Informationstechnik , Technische Universität Chemnitz . He was authored by Niko Sünderhauf et al.: Circular Convolutional Neural Networks for Panoramic Images and Laser Data in the year 2021 . He also authored the book `` Bella Bella '' which was co-authored by Peter Pöschmann and Niko Sanchez . The book `` Unsupervised Learning Methods for Visual Place Recognition in Discretely and Continuously Changing Environments . ( 2012 ) . ( 2015 ) . He is the author of both the book 'Stripped by 'Towards : Towards a robust back-end for pose graph SLAM . ( 2016 ) and 'Swed By ' which was preceded by 'Pipath mitigation in GNSS-based localization using robust optimization . ( 2013 ) .
TU Darmstadt , Department of Computer Integrated Design , Germany is the primary affiliation of the company Marco Grimm 0002 which authored the book Marco Grimm : Konzept zum durchgängigen Schutz von Daten in der verteilten additiven Fertigung . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Marco Grimm and Reiner Anderl : Intellectual Property Protection and Secure Knowledge Management in Collaborative Systems Engineering . ( 2013 ) .
Peter Lindner 0001 is affiliated with the RWTH Aachen University in Germany and is authored by Martin Grohe and PeterLindner : The theory of infinite probabilistic databases . ( 2022 ) and also by Nofar Carmeli et al.: Tuple-Independent Representations of Infinite Probabilistic Databases. ( 2021 ) . The latter was authored by Peter Grohe & Peter Lindners . (2020 ) .
The University of Hamburg , Germany is the primary affiliation of Stefan Bietz who authored the books : Therese Inhester et al.: Index-Based Searching of Interaction Patterns in Large Collections of Protein-Ligand Interfaces . ( 2016 ) , The authors : Kai Sommer & Matthias Rarey : Discriminative Chemical Patterns : Automatic and Interactive Design . ( 2015 ) and the authors : Ligand-based virtual screening . ( 2017 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the book `` Bella Motta mRAISE '' . It is the work of the latter 's co-authored by the authors . It was also authored by The Information Systems : A Powerful and Easy-to-Use Compound Library Converter . (2016 ) .
Jil Klünder 's primary affiliation is Leibniz University Hannover , Germany and he is the author of the following books : Nils Prenner et al.: Defining Frames to Structure Agile Development in Hybrid Settings - A Multi-Case Interview Study. ( 2022 ) , Marc Herrmann and Jilklünder : From Textual to Verbal Communication : Towards Applying Sentiment Analysis to a Software Project Meeting - A Case Study . ( 2021 ) - A Systematic Literature Review . (2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . This publication was preceded by the book by the authors : These are the authors . (2018 ) . It was also authored in the following year . The authors were also the authors of this publication . Jil Karras et al . Linking Use Cases and Associated Requirements - A Software project Meeting .
The Hochschule Schmalkalden in Germany is the primary affiliation of Kurt Englmeier . He was authored by Jérôme Augé et al.: Catégorisation automatique de textes basée sur des hiérarchies de concepts in 2003 and 2016 . He has also authored the following books : The following : The Information Information Sharing - Fostering the Engineering Capacity of the Data-Driven Mindset . ( 2014 ) , The Information Editor : The Benefit of Thinking Small in Complex Information spaces. ( 2016 ) , Jérome Augé & Fionn Murtagh : Distinguer les requêtes pour améliorer la recherche d'information XML . ( 2006 and The Information Drinks . ( 2016 . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by the book by the Kontakt . ( 2004 . ( 2003 ) and the book The Information Xest. ( 2004 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Fraunhofer Institute for Digital Media Technology ( IDMT ) in Oldenburg , Germany is Carlos F da Silva Souto et al.: Flex-Printed Ear-EEG Sensors for Adequate Sleep Staging at Home . ( 2021 ) . This book was authored by Carlos F. da Silva Sanchez , who is the author of Carlos Filipe da Silva souto : Speech-related brain responses as a basis for auditory brain-computer interfaces . (2019 ) .
The primary affiliation of Pawel Swierczynski is Ruhr University Bochum , Germany and he is the author of the following books : `` Maik Ender et al.: Insights into the mind of a trojan designer : the challenge to integrate a trojans through Detecting and Weakening of Cryptographic Primitives . ( 2015 ) , 'Pawel Swiersczynski & al.: Bitstream Fault Injections (BiFI ) - Automated Fault Attacks against SRAM-based FPGAs. ( 2016 ) , both authored by Marc Fyrbiak et al . ( 2013 ) and 'WarmelSwierco : The Missing Piece of the Puzzle for Hardware Reverse Engineering , Trojan Detection and Insertion . (2019 ) . ' . The latter was authored by the author ' in the latter was also in the same year .
The primary affiliation of Andre Pawlowski is Ruhr-Universität Bochum in Germany and he is the author of the following books : The authors of these books are : Alexander Petrovich et al.: VPS : excavating high-level C++ constructs from low-level binaries to protect dynamic dispatching . ( 2016 ) , the authors of which are : Robert Gawlik et al : Detile : Fine-Grained Information Leak Detection in Script Engines . (2020 ) and the associated with the authors : Alexander Molnowski ( 2015 ) and Sebastian Brenza et al . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . He was also the authored by Alexander Smolnowski and the author : Molnow ( 2016 .
The primary affiliation of QAware GmbH in Munich , Germany is Florian Lautenschlager et al.: Chronix : Long Term Storage and Retrieval Technology for Anomaly Detection in Operational Data . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the authors of the Flemish-language Transactions : Filippe Speicherung von Zeitreihen mit Betriebsdaten aus Software-Systemen zur Analyse von Laufzeitdaten . ( 2015 . and the German Transactions : The Missing Link in Dynamic Software Analysis . (2015 ) . The latter which was authored by the latter . The authors of which , FlorianLautenscherung von Spokesman : Larcherlager and Florian Livboucher Wohrscheißererkennung der Gruppe . ( 2018 .
Birte Richter is the primary affiliation of Birtefeld University in Germany and was authored by Birte Carlmeyer et al.: The Attention-Hesitation Model , A Non-Intrusive Intervention Strategy for Incremental Smart Home Dialogue Management . ( 2021 ) and Isabel Klemme et al : How to Address Smart Homes with a Social Robot? A Multi-Directional and Agile Academic Knowledge Transfer Strategy for Healthcare Technology . ( 2016 ) . Birte Heckter was the author of both the books . The latter was written in the same year and the latter was authored in the following order : The Hesitating Robot - Implementation and First Impressions . (2017 . ( 2018 ) and the previous one was in addition to the Information Presentation in an Object Fetching Task . ( 2017 ) .
Michael Felsberg is the primary affiliation of Linköping University in Sweden and authored by both Abdelrahman Eldesokey and Joakim Johnander et al.: DCCO : Towards Deformable Continuous Convolution Operators for Visual Tracking . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by Bertil Grelsson and co. Alexis Dense Gaussian Processes for Glimpses for Few-Shot Segmentation . ( 2009 ) . It was also authored by the latter . He is also the author of the book `` The Electronic Transactions for Components for Visual Cyclists Analysis : In the Wild . ( 2016 ) . '' and the book 's co. ( 2009 . He was also the authored by K.P. , while the latter was written by the former . (2009 ) .
Michael Weber 0005 , authored by Matthias Kleiner et al.: Tube expansion by gas detonation . ( 2006 ) , is the primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen , Shock Wave Laboratory , which is affiliated with the Michael Weber Association for Research on Parallel algorithms for verification on large systems .
Ben Bergen 0002 is authored by Benjamin Karl Bergen and Frank Hülsemann : Hierarchical hybrid grids : data structures and core algorithms for multigrid . ( 2004 ) and was authored by Ben K. Bergen et al.: Is 1.7 x 10^10 Unknowns the Largest Finite Element System that Can Be Solved Today? ( 2005 ) . It is also authored by Fabien Loiseau et al . It was also written by Benjamin K.Bergen : The Hashed Oct-Tree N-Body Algorithm at a Petaflop . ( 2016 ) . The latter was preceded by the book by Benjamin M.Eng . in the same year . It comes under the authorship of Benjamin Bergen , who in turn was the author of the book `` Benjamin Koln . '' .
Fei Zhang 0005 is the primary affiliation of the Gessellschaft für wissenschaftliche Datenverarbeitung mbH Göttingen , Germany and was authored by Fei Zhang et al.: CBase : A New Paradigm for Fast Virtual Machine Migration across Data Centers Based on Three-Layer Image Structure . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the Fei Zhang & al.: CRase : The Management of Virtual Machines in the Cloud Computing Environments . ( 2018 ) . The latter was preceded by the previous one , which was written by the latter in the same year . The previous one was written in the form of the same entity . ( 2017 ) . This was followed by the new data center structure . (2019 ) and the latter was also authored by the division of the 3-layer Image structure .
Michael Müller 0007 is the primary affiliation of Kaiserslautern University of Technology in Germany and was authored by him . The book was published in 1983 .
The Technical University of Munich in Germany is the primary affiliation of Mai Bui 0001 which is authored by the following authors : The authors of the following books are : The following : The book was written in the following order : `` Haowen Deng et al.: 6D Camera Relocalization in Ambiguous Scenes via Continuous Multimodal Inference . (2020 ) , `` Mai Biu et al : Dealing with Uncertainty and Ambiguity in Pose Estimation . ( 2016 ) , '' `` '' , `` '' and `` '' . The book `` '' which was authored by '' in the same language '' , '' was also published in the year 's Enfanticipation in Ambambuity via Condivision . ( 2020 ) , '1916 '' , '1818 , '2021 ' , and 'Mai Bui et al . ( 2021 ) .
The Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is affiliated to the school of Matthias Daum 0002 which authored the book Matthias daum : Mobile Roboter im Lager : rationelle Kommissionierung . ( 1990 ) .
Jasper van de Ven is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the following books : `` The Spatial Interaction Laboratory - A Distributed Middleware and Qualitative Representation for Ambient Intelligence . ( 2016 ) , `` Jasper van De Ven et al.: Translation of String-and-Pin-based Shortest Path Construction into Data-Scalable Agent-based Computational Models. ( 2018 ) , 'Jasper van deVen : The Spalable agent-based Computer Science and Information Systems . ' , 'Integrating Privacy Description Language - Integrating Privacy Concepts , Languages , and Technologies. ( 2016 '' , '2018 ' . ( 2014 ) . ' and 'Jasmin van DeVen ' ( 2016 . ( 2013 ) and 'Equal-PN-learning for tracking applications. (2014 ) . ( 2015 ) , and '
The University of Hamburg , Department of Informatics is the primary affiliation of Tobias Lang 0001 which is authored by both Tobias Lang and Marc Toussaint : Approximate inference for planning in stochastic relational worlds . ( 2009 ) and the authors of the books : Tovel Lang et al.: Active Learning for Teaching a Robot Grounded Relational Symbols . ( 2013 ) . ( 2014 ) , and the latter was authored by the latter in the same order . The latter was followed by the authors : Marc Toupart et al : Kognitive Robotik - Herausforderungen an Unser Verständnis natürlicher Umgebungen . (2013 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Munich in Germany is Sebastian Bauer 0005 which is authored by Sebastian Bauer . The latter company is the publisher of Sebastian Bauer : Fehlerdiagnose bei Luftfahrttriebwerken . ( 1997 ) .
Peter Wägemann is the primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Germany and is the author of the books : Steffen Vaas et al.: Taming Non-Deterministic Low-Level I/O : Predictable Multi-Core Real-Time Systems by SoC Co-Design . ( 2018 ) , The authorship of both the books are : Peter Wasmann : Energiebeschränkte Echtzeitsysteme und ihre Worst-Case-Analysen . ( 2021 ) and The authors : The latter was written in the same year . It was authored in the following order : From Automated Cost Modeling to Static WCET and CODEN . ( 2019 ) . (2019 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter was in the form of `` Simon Schuster et al.). Annotate once - analyze anywhere : context-aware WCET analysis by user-defined abstractions . (2021 . (2020 ) and the latter by the author Christian Eichler & al.: Fallow . (2018 ) . It is also the work that was authored by Peter Warmann . ( which is the work of the author . ( 2016 ) . Peter Warn is also authored by The author of which was also written by the book . He was also the co-Design in the previous year . He has also authored the book `` The Enumeration : ToStringInfiniteCODEN '' and the book The authors are : The authors of both were : The following : The book : The Electronic Transactions on Dec. 2021 . The book is also written in this format . The author is Peter W.W.Eng . He is also known by the names of both SteffenVaas & co-Expedition : An End-to-End Toolchain : ToCElling for static analysis tools of energy-constrained real-time systems (Artifact . ( 1921 ) . This book was preceded by The book `` Peter Wagnann : The Triidentity of the Pointers : From Auto-Constrained Real Time Systems ( Artifact ) , 'Verity of ' , 'EnergieBSchrata once - realize anywhere : Context-aware ITET ' and 'Influenced by 'Manualised ' . (2017 ) and 'Eternity ' . He also authored The book ' , which was co-authored by 'Christian E
Alexander Bauer 0002 is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany and is authored by Alexander Bauer : Probabilistische Szenenmodelle für die Luftbildauswertung . ( 2014 ) .
The University of Kaiserslautern , Germany is the primary affiliation of the Markus Junker 0002 which was authored by Andreas P. Schmidt and Mark Junker . The authors are Armin Hust et al.: Combining Ontologies and Document Retrieval Techniques : A Case Study for an E-Learning Scenario . ( 2002 ) and ArminHoch : Clarifying OCR and Non-OCR Text Representations for Learning Document Classifiers . ( 2003 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It is also the author of the Markus Junker which was preceded by the book Arminjunker and Andreas Junker : Mining Documents for Complex Semantic Relations by the Use of Context Classification . (2002 ) . This book was also published in the same year . It was also authored by both the latter and the book 's authors .
Eckhard Koch : Ein kohärentoptisches Filterverfahren für die Zeichenerkennung . ( 1981 ) is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany , which is affiliated with the Christian Hütter 0003 and Rolf Zimmermann 0001 . The primary affiliation is the Andres Goens .
The University of Luxembourg is the primary affiliation of Ulrich K. Sorger , who authored the books Uwe Dettmar et al.: Unlinkable Communication . ( 2008 ) and Uli Sorger et al : Assessing Performance of Internet of Things-Based Mobile Crowdsensing Systems for Sensing as a Service Applications in Smart Cities . ( 2016 ) . The latter book was authored by the latter author . In addition to the latter , the latter was also written by the former . In the same year , the book was the work of the latter 's co-authored by the other author . The book was also authored by K.Sorger , which was also the author of the works of the Linguistics . ( 1995 ) . This book was preceded by the book by the K.Dettmar and K. Sorger which was the co-authored by the author , Uwe Deettmar & K.Torger and the latter also authored the book that was written in the same month . They were also the authors of the book . In this book , the same author . K.R.C . in which the work was written . In that book , K.C. ( 1995 . In which the latter is also written . The work was followed by the work by the authors , in that it was also followed by UweDettlemar and the book 's `` Bounded minimum distance decoding of unit memory codes . (1995 ) and in that same year was the publication of the books that were authored by both the latter . In both the books were also written in that order . The authors were Uwe Duchen et al . ( K.K.R . ( 1996 ) and the others . In these they were both written by K K.Livis . ( 1998 ) . They also wrote the book Uwe dettmar , which in turn was the author to the construction and decoding of the LUEP codes . in 1995 and in this case the book The latter was the sequel to the book , In which they were also authored . In 1998 K.Storger was involved in the construction of the new spread-spectrum multiple-access scheme and in the following order : The book `` The new Reed-Solomon code decoding algorithm based on Newton's interpolation . '' In this case it was added to the books `` Uwe M.S.O . ( 2003 ) . It was the authorship of `` K. K.We Dett
The University of Calgary in Canada is the primary affiliation of Christian Jacob 0001 who authored the books : Peter Wilke and Christian Jacob : Simulating Neural Networks in a Distributed Computing Environment Using NeuroGraph . ( 2011 ) , Peter M. Hoar et al.: Programming and evolving physical self-assembling systems in three dimensions . ( 2012 ) , and the book `` The NeuroGraph Neural Network Simulator . ( 2003 ) .
Alexander Schmid 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Luzern in Switzerland and authored the book : Der IT-Outsourcingvertrag im Schweizerischen Recht : Hauptleistungspflichten , Leistungsstörungen und Vertragsgestaltung . ( 2019 ) .
The University of Bonn in Germany is affiliated to Martin Koch 0005 which authored Martin Koch : Microarrayanalyse gynäkologischer Tumorentitäten . ( 2013 ) .
Martin Hirt is the primary affiliation of the ETH Zurich in Switzerland and was authored by both Zuzana Beerliová-Trubíniová et al.: MPC vs. SFE : Perfect Security in a Unified Corruption Model . ( 2007 ) and the authors of Ashish Choudhury & Ueli M. Maurer : Player Simulation and General Adversary Structures in Perfect Multiparty Computation . ( 2000 ) . ( 1998 ) . He was also authored by the latter . He is also the author of both the works of both Mathias Fitzi et al : Trading Correctness for Privacy in Unconditional Multi-Party Computation (Extended Abstract . ( 2002 ) . The latter are both the authors . ( 2003 ) . It was preceded by the work of the PoC-as-a-Service and Low-Bandwidth MPC for Weak Participants . ( 2018 ) .
Mark Minas is the primary affiliation of the Bundeswehr University in Munich , Germany . He was authored by Frank Drewes et al.: Approximating Parikh Images for Generating Deterministic Graph Parsers and their languages . ( 2009 ) . He is also the author of Steffen Mazanek et al : Investigating Uni-stroke gesture input for diagram editors on large wall-mounted touchscreens . ( 2017 ) and also Frank Doodes & al.: Pozifikation von Diagrammeditoren mit automatischer Layoutanpassung . ( 1993 ) . ( 2003 ) and Frank Drewesh et al!: Approximation von Diagonal Modalities as a Showcase for Syntax-Based Assistance in Diagram Editors . ( 2005 ) and its languages. ( 2009 . ( 2016 ) .
Andres Goens is a graduate of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and was authored by Andrés Goens and Jerónimo Castrillón : Analysis of Process Traces for Mapping Dynamic KPN Applications to MPSoCs . ( 2015 ) . He was also authored by Mocasin - Rapid Prototyping of Rapid P3ing Tools : A Framework for Exploring New Approaches in Mapping Software to Heterogeneous Multi-cores . (2019 ) and was also the author of the works of both the authors : Marten Lohstroh et al.: Reactors : A Deterministic Model for Composable Reactive Systems . (2021 ) and the authors , Andros Goens , who were in the same division . (2015 ) . And R & MPS . ( 2021 ) . In the latter was preceded by the works by the authors Andréctions . ( 2014 . Andres Goens . ( 2016 ) and Andrandimo Castillón : Addressed to MappingDynamic KPN applications to MP SoCs ( 2015 . ( 2019 ) . The latter was the authorship of which was also written by Andre Goens which was the authored by the latter . Andres was the author who was also in the works that was written by the author , Andresc Goens 's works and was the co-authored by Mapping Systems ( 2015-2021 and the latter is the authors of the others , which is also the work of the latter respectively . In addition to this they are the authors for the following : The authors of both Andrès Goens : On Compact Mappings for Multicore Systems (2019-1919 ) and Maximilian Odendahl & Co. ( 2014-2015 . He also authored the works for the latter which was in the following order : Molnating of Mapping & Poaling : Eterna : Mapping Dynamics : Affiliated with the Poaling Systems ( 2016-1921 ) , Molnolnating : MPS & Mapping for Energy-efficient Baseband Processing in Wireless Networks . ( 1921 ) was also preceded by Robert Khasanov et al : This is the authorisation of the books of Andrér et Al.: Domain-specific Hybrid Maps for Poaling Poaling and Mapping : Affirmative Systems (2015-1920 ) and MPS and Molnala : Addition to Poaling . ( 1923-1922 ) .
Regina Fischer and Marlies Rogalski : Datenbankgestütztes Kosten- und Erlöscontrolling : Konzept und Realisierung einer entscheidungsorienerten Erfolgsrechnung ; 2. überarbeitete Auflage . ( 1995 ) is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Germany , where Benjamin Tannert and Hendrik Wöhrle are both leaders . It is also the location of the university where Regina Fischer 0001 is the current Dean .
The primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Germany is Christoph Günther 0003 , which authored the book `` Christophgaunther : Programmierung eines Auswertungsmoduls für die dBase-Datenbank NOTA in der Programmiersprache C. ( 1997 ) '' .
The primary affiliation of Marburg University in Germany is the Markus Ruffing 0001 which was authored in 1994 . The university 's primary affiliation is the Mark Ruffing Institute for the Study of Profil einer Datenbank .
The Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster , WWU , Germany is the primary affiliation of Muhammad Jawad 0002 which was authored in the following order : The following books were published in the year 2021 : The book was preceded by the book `` Muhammad Jawade et al.: Interactive Visual Analysis of Mass Spectrometry Imaging Data Using Linear and non-Linear Embeddings . (2019 ) . ( 2016 ) and the book '1921 . It was also authored by the following authors : The latter was also written in the same order : `` The Reference Study for the Study of Human Brain Tumors . ( 2021 ) , '' Muhammad J.D . (2021 ) and '1922 . (2020 ) , '1929 . ' and '2021 ' ( 2016 .
The primary affiliation of Andre Pawlowski is Ruhr-Universität Bochum in Germany and he is the author of the following books : The authors of these books are : Alexander Petrovich et al.: VPS : excavating high-level C++ constructs from low-level binaries to protect dynamic dispatching . ( 2016 ) , the authors of which are : Robert Gawlik et al : Detile : Fine-Grained Information Leak Detection in Script Engines . (2020 ) and the associated with the authors : Alexander Molnowski ( 2015 ) and Sebastian Brenza et al . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . He was also the authored by Alexander Smolnowski and the author : Molnow ( 2016 .
Hui Huang 0015 , authored in 1990 , is the primary affiliation of the University of Bonn in Germany .
Nadeschda Nikitina is the primary affiliation of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany and is the author of the following books : `` Nadejda Nikitsina et al.: Reasoning-Supported Interactive Revision of Knowledge Bases . ( 2011 ) , `` NadeshchdaNikitina and SvenSchewe : The newsEvents Ontology - An Ontology for Describing Business Events . ( 2009 ) , '' which was authored by both NadesChda Nikitaina and Lösch . ( 2012 ) . '' , `` '' . The latter was written in the same language . '' . It was authored in the following order : '' : '' , 'Echo : Forgetting in General EL Terminologies . (2009 ) , '2012 ' , ' and 'Nadeschta Nikiteria : Succinctness in EL ' ( 2013 ) . ( 2013 .
The University of Tübingen in Germany is the primary affiliation of Axel Müller 0002 which was authored by Axel Möller . He is the author of the book `` Axel Müller : Entwurfsmethodik und automatisierte Verteilung für Steuerungssoftware in der Automobilelektronik . ( 1999 ) . The book was authored in the same year and is the sequel to The book `` Axiom : Client/Server-Architecture for open-loop functions in the automotive electronics development . '' which was also authored in 1999 .
Richard Bamler is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany . He is the author of the following books : Richard Mckrieger et al.: A Nonlocal InSAR Filter for High-Resolution DEM Generation From TanDEM-X Interferograms and Hartmut Runge : PRF-ambiguity resolving by wavelength diversity . ( 2016 ) . He was authored by Dick Mague-Martinez & Co . ( 2003 ) and was the co-author of the book `` Ringler : Doppler frequency estimation and the Cramer-Rao bound . ( 2001 ) . ( 2004 ) . The latter was also authored by Rich Bamler . He has also written in the past . He also wrote in the works of `` Nestor Yague-martinez et Al.: Interferometric Processing of Sentinel-1 TOPS Data. ( 2016 .
The University of Gottingen in Germany is affiliated with the university of Oliver Wannenwetsch and is the primary affiliation of the University of Göttingen . The university was authored by Stefan Kolb 0003 which is affiliated to the Institute of Entwicklung und Anwendung bei der Auswahl von Methoden zur Optimierung von Simulationsmodellen . ( 1992 ) .
The Technische Universität Dresden in Germany is the primary affiliation of Francesco Kriegel who is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : The following : The printed works were written in the following order : : The FCA and Probabilistic Bases of GCIs in EL . ( 2016 ) , the latter was authored in the form of `` Franz Baader et al.: Privacy-Preserving Ontology Publishing for EL Instance Stores . ( 2021 '' and was authored by Daniel Borchmann . (2019 ) . The latter was preceded by `` Joining Implications in Formal Contexts and Inductive Learning in a Horn Description Logic . ( 2019 ) and the previous was written in `` Made in the past '' .
The primary affiliation of the Saarland University , Information Systems , Saarbrücken , Germany is the University of Technology , Erlangen . It is the author of the books , titled , `` Ankur Sharma : Snapshot : friend or foe of data management - on optimizing transaction processing in database and blockchain systems . (2019 ) , '' which was authored by Felix Martin Schuhknecht et al.: ChainifyDB : How to get rid of your Blockchain and use your DBMS instead . ( 2018 ) , and `` The Case of Hyperledger Fabric . ( 2016 ) . '' . The latter was also authored by the latter was in the same publication . '' , which was preceded by the book , `` '' by the authored by `` '' , in the following order : '' , `` Kontakt : '' ( 2016 . ( 2021 ) .
The primary affiliation of Nadine Steinmetz is Ilmenau University in Germany and she is the author of the following books : `` Jörg Waitelonis et al.: Use What You Have : Yovisto Video Search Engine Takes a Semantic Turn . ( 2014 ) , '' `` Nadine Weinmetz and Kai-Uwe Sattler : COALA - A Rule-Based Approach to Answer Type Prediction . ( 2016 ) . ( 2012 ) , `` '' and `` '' . The latter was authored by Christian Hentschel et al : Cross-Dataset Learning of Visual Concepts. ( 2012 '' . ( 2013 ) . '' . and `` Eternals : Condiments of Named Entity Recognition for User-Generated Tags. ( 2011 ) .
Johannes Leupolz is the primary affiliation of the University of Augsburg in Germany . He is the author of the following publications : Axel Habermaier et al.: Unified Simulation , Visualization , and Formal Analysis of Safety-Critical Systems with S#. ( 2016 ) , and also of the publications : The following : Hemodialysis machine with S/2015 , and the following : The latter was also authored by him . He has also written the works : The publication of the journal 'Axel Habermeier et Al.: Quantitative and qualitative safety analysis of a hemodialization and measurement for Efficient Formal Safety Analysis of the same . ( 2016 . He was preceded by the publication of The journal 's `` ZERO Quantitative & qualitative and quantitative analysis of the latter was carried out in the same year .
The primary affiliation of Petra Hofstedt is the Brandenburg University of Technology in Cottbus , Germany . They are the authors of the following books : Kroll et al.: Deklarative Modellierung und effiziente Optimierung - quo vadis? Ausgewählte Herausforderungen und Potenziale für die nächsten Jahre - zur Diskussion . ( 2014 ) , Koln & Florian Lorenzen : Constraint Functional Multicore Programming . ( 2009 ) and the PoCFL . (2009 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also authored by her . It was followed by the Koln and Koln . ( 2016 ) .
The University of Münster in Germany is the primary affiliation of Norbert Becker 0002 which is authored by Norbert Becker . The book was published in 1990 and is authored in ökonomischen Differenzengleichungssystemen .
Jens Lindemann 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Hamburg in Germany and is authored by both Jens Molnar et al.: Anonymity Online for Everyone : What Is Missing for Zero-Effort Privacy on the Internet . ( 2015 ) and Jens Lemann et al : Catching Inside Attackers : Balancing Forensic Detectability and Privacy of Employees . ( 2016 ) . The latter is the authored by the authors of Jens L.Eng . and the Ephraim Zimmer et al . which is the co-resident VMs via a memory-deduplication side-channel attack to detect App vendors and website owners honour their privacy rights in 2016 . (2015 .
Martin Becker 0001 is the primary affiliation of TU Munich , Institute for Real-Time Computer Systems , Germany and was authored by Alejandro Masrur et al.: TIC : a scalable model checking based approach to WCET estimation . ( 2016 ) and Samarjit Chakraborty : Multi-layered scheduling of mixed-criticality cyber-physical systems . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authorship of the Martin Becker 01 which was also authored by Martin Becker et al : Cross-Layer Interactions in CPS for Performance and Certification . (2019 ) . It is the authored by the author of the latter . Martin Becker . It was also written in the same publication . ( 2014 ) and the latter was the authors of the publication of the information . (2013 ) .
Oliver Fleischmann is the primary affiliation of the University of Kiel in Germany and was authored by OliverFleischmann and Reinhard Koch : The Conformal Monogenic Signal of Image Sequences . ( 2008 ) . He also authored the books Oliver Flischmann & Wheeler Sommer : On the Analysis and Decomposition of Intrinsically One-Dimensional Signals and their Superpositions . ( 2012 ) and Lettart Wietzke et al.: A Novel Curvature Estimator for Digital Curves and Images . ( 2016 ) .
Jil Klünder 's primary affiliation is Leibniz University Hannover , Germany and he is the author of the following books : Nils Prenner et al.: Defining Frames to Structure Agile Development in Hybrid Settings - A Multi-Case Interview Study. ( 2022 ) , Marc Herrmann and Jilklünder : From Textual to Verbal Communication : Towards Applying Sentiment Analysis to a Software Project Meeting - A Case Study . ( 2021 ) - A Systematic Literature Review . (2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . This publication was preceded by the book by the authors : These are the authors . (2018 ) . It was also authored in the following year . The authors were also the authors of this publication . Jil Karras et al . Linking Use Cases and Associated Requirements - A Software project Meeting .
The primary affiliation of the Fraunhofer Institute for Digital Media Technology ( IDMT ) in Oldenburg , Germany is Carlos F da Silva Souto et al.: Flex-Printed Ear-EEG Sensors for Adequate Sleep Staging at Home . ( 2021 ) . This book was authored by Carlos F. da Silva Sanchez , who is the author of Carlos Filipe da Silva souto : Speech-related brain responses as a basis for auditory brain-computer interfaces . (2019 ) .
Peter Wägemann is the primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Germany and is the author of the books : Steffen Vaas et al.: Taming Non-Deterministic Low-Level I/O : Predictable Multi-Core Real-Time Systems by SoC Co-Design . ( 2018 ) , The authorship of both the books are : Peter Wasmann : Energiebeschränkte Echtzeitsysteme und ihre Worst-Case-Analysen . ( 2021 ) and The authors : The latter was written in the same year . It was authored in the following order : From Automated Cost Modeling to Static WCET and CODEN . ( 2019 ) . (2019 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter was in the form of `` Simon Schuster et al.). Annotate once - analyze anywhere : context-aware WCET analysis by user-defined abstractions . (2021 . (2020 ) and the latter by the author Christian Eichler & al.: Fallow . (2018 ) . It is also the work that was authored by Peter Warmann . ( which is the work of the author . ( 2016 ) . Peter Warn is also authored by The author of which was also written by the book . He was also the co-Design in the previous year . He has also authored the book `` The Enumeration : ToStringInfiniteCODEN '' and the book The authors are : The authors of both were : The following : The book : The Electronic Transactions on Dec. 2021 . The book is also written in this format . The author is Peter W.W.Eng . He is also known by the names of both SteffenVaas & co-Expedition : An End-to-End Toolchain : ToCElling for static analysis tools of energy-constrained real-time systems (Artifact . ( 1921 ) . This book was preceded by The book `` Peter Wagnann : The Triidentity of the Pointers : From Auto-Constrained Real Time Systems ( Artifact ) , 'Verity of ' , 'EnergieBSchrata once - realize anywhere : Context-aware ITET ' and 'Influenced by 'Manualised ' . (2017 ) and 'Eternity ' . He also authored The book ' , which was co-authored by 'Christian E
The Technical University of Dortmund , Department of Computer Science , Germany is the primary affiliation of Ben Hermann 0001 which is authored by the authors of the following books : Jacob Halzinger et al.: Hardening Java 's Access Control by Abolishing Implicit Privilege Elevation . ( 2015 ) , M.E.I.C . ( 2021 ) , Maximilian Schubert et al . Static data-flow analysis for software product lines in C.2022 and M.O . (2022 ) . ( 2016 ) .
The University of Bonn , Institute for Computer Science , Germany is the primary affiliation of Pascal Welke . They are the authors of the following books : The authors of this book are : Till Hendrik Schulz et al.: Condimentsary Conditions for the Existence of a Hamiltonian Path with Applications to Cactus Graphs . ( 2016 ) , the authors in the following order : `` P. Welke : On the Complexity of Frequent Subtree Mining in Very Simple Structures . ( 2014 ) , '2021 ' , '1021 , '16 ' and '17 , '17 . The authors in this order are : 'P.W.E. , ' which was authored by 'Tol.Schulz & al.: Mining Tree Patterns with Partially Injective Homomorphisms . (2018 ) and '1917 ' . ' , the latter was preceded by '10 and ' by '16 . The latter was also authored by the author ' , which was the author of 'Till HendrikSchulz and 'W.Eng . which was written by '17 and '18 . ' respectively . in the same order . ' . In the same book was also written by the latter . In this order was followed by 'E.W . in '19 . ' in '18 , and the latter by '19. ' which is the co-authored by '18-1917 . This book was the sequel to 'T.W:HOPS : Probabilistic SubTree Mining for Small and Large Graphs ' ( 2016 . '19 and '16 respectively . It was also the authored by `` P/W ' . This is the authorship of 'W:W.L . in which ' was also followed by the authors : 'T . He was also in '16 and '10 . He is also the author for '1091 . He has also authored : Efficient Related Subgraph Mining in Transactional Databases . (2020 ) . ( 2021 ) . He also authored the book '1096 . He 's also in the order of 'E'. : 'HOPS:3-hop distance estimation in social graphs. ( 2016 , '18 and '09 .
Thomas S Heinze 's primary affiliation is Friedrich Schiller University Jena , Institute of Computer Science and he authored Thomas S. Heinze et al.: BPMN in the Wild : A Reprise . ( 2022 ) , Thomas S Hartze : Security Challenges of Cloud Manufacturing : A Case Study in the Aerospace Domain ( short paper ) (2019 ) . He was also the author of the books : The authors : Jasmin Türker and Thomas S Heze : PANIC - Plugging Data Leak Detection into the Camunda Modeler ( abbreviated to TPS . ( 2016 ) and the authors : TPSL . (2021 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same paper . Heze and the printed in the Decemelding Semantic Business Process Model Clones ( 2016-2021 . ( Este Überlegungen zur Erklärbarkeit von Deep-Learning-Modellen für die Analyse von Quellcode .
Avikarsha Mandal is the primary affiliation of Hochschule Offenburg , Germany and is authored by Avikarha Mandal and Frederik Armknecht et al.: Privacy-Preserving Distributed Economic Dispatch Protocol for Smart Grid Systems . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Avikasha Mandal : On security and privacy of consensus-based protocols in blockchain and smart grid. (2020 ) . '' which was authored by the authors of both `` Lasse Nitz et al : Towards Privacy Preserving Consensus-Based Economic Dispatch in SmartGrid Systems. ( 2016 '' and `` '' . ( 2015 ) . The latter was also the book that was published in the same year . '' . The book was preceded by '' by `` '' , which was also written by `` Frederikandery : Overview and Outlook . (2015 '' .
Timo Kehrer is the primary affiliation of the University of Bern , Institute of Computer Science in Switzerland . He authored TimoKehrer et al.: An Adaptable Tool Environment for High-level Differencing of Textual Models . ( 2015 ) , Maike Basmer and Timokehrer : An Exploration of Sustainability Thinking in Research Software Engineering . ( 2018 ) , and the latter was authored by Timohrer and Birgit Penzenstadler : An Affiliating Edit Operations for Profiled UML Models. ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored in the same year . TimoHrer , TimoEchoating Large EMF Models Efficiently - A Rule-Based , Configurable Approach to A Case Study . (2019 ) . (2018 ) .
Michael Mauderer 0002 is the primary affiliation of Technical University Munich , Germany and authored the book Michael Mouderer : Ein Beitrag zur Planung und Entwicklung von rekonfigurierbaren mechatronischen Systemen: am Beispiel von starren Fertigungssystemen . ( 2018 ) .
Jiaxin Pan is the primary affiliation of the NTNU - Norwegian University of Science and Technology , Trondheim , Norway and is authored by Romain Gay et al.: More Efficient (Almost ) Tightly Secure Structure-Preserving Signatures . ( 2018 ) , Yuyu Wang & Libin Wang : TMQV : A Strongly eCK-secure Diffie-Hellman Protocol without Gap Assumption . ( 2014 ) . ( 2011 ) . It was authored by Julia Kastner .
Albert Fleischmann is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt in Germany and is the author of the following works : AlbertFleischmann et al.: Moding and Implementing of Industrie 4.0 Scenarios . ( 2015 ) , Albert Fleishmann et Al.: Subject-Oriented Modeling and Execution of Multi-agent Business Processes . ( 2013 ) , and Albert Fleismann : Eine Methode zur Beschreibung von Kommunikations in Requirements Engineering. ( 2018 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by Albert Fleiischmann . ( 2014 ) . It was also authored by the co-authored by the latter was in the same year . The EIPM comes under the jurisdiction of the Co-operating Systems-of-Systems for Process Execution Support. ( 2016 .
Nikolas Havrikov is the primary affiliation of the CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following books : NikolasHrikov et al.: XMLMate : evolutionary XML test generation. ( 2014 ) , NikolasWrikov and Andreas Zeller : Systematically Covering Input Structure . ( 2021 ) and the book `` NikolasVegen : Efficient fuzz testing leveraging input , code , and execution . (2017 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by NikolasLavrikov . This book was preceded by the book 's authored by the latter . The book was also written in the same language . ( 2015 ) . NikolasHe was the authorship of the book that was written in '1821 .
The primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt (Chemnitz ) in Germany is the Mathias Nagel Institute for Mathematisch-statistische Modelle für die Kontrolle der mikrobiologischen Belastung von Gewässern . ( 1984 ) .
The German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence , DFKI , Kaiserslautern , Germany is the primary affiliation of Jason Rambach . He was authored by Yaxu Xie et al.: PlaneSegNet : Fast and Robust Plane Estimation Using a Single-stage Instance Segmentation CNN. ( 2021 ) and also by Yongzhi Su et al : SynPo-Net - Accurate and Fast CNN-Based 6DoF Object Pose Estimation using Synthetic Training . (2021 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . He is the author of the book which was published in the same year . The book was written in the previous year . It was preceded by the book `` XaxuXI : A6DoF object pose estimation dataset and benchmark for multi-state assembly objects . ( 2022 ) . It has been authored in the past .
Steffen Zeidler 0002 is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt in Germany . It is also the primary affiliate of SteffenZeidler 02 , which was authored by Steffen Zidler 0001 . The latter is affiliated with SteffenZidler LLC , which has Wolfgang Göttert 0001 as its primary affiliation .
The Technical University of Berlin , Germany is the primary affiliation of Rodrigo Pastl Pontes , who authored the books : Emília Villani et al.: Integrating model checking and model based testing for industrial software development . ( 2014 ) , and `` Paulo C. Véras et al*: Benchmarking Software Requirements Documentation for Space Application . ( 2010 ) .
Michael J. Klaiber is the primary affiliation of the Bosch Corporate Research in Renningen , Germany . He authored the books : T.Lefeure et al.: An End-to-End HW/SW Co-Design Methodology to Design Efficient Deep Neural Network Systems using Virtual Models . ( 2016 ) , Lars Rockstroh & al.: Correlation of image data using fermat number transform based on two's complement . ( 2012 ) and Efficient Hardware Architecture for Connected Component . ( 2013 ) . He is also the author of the books `` Seyyed Mahdi Najmabadi et al>: Correlation and Delveillance of the Pointers - Image Analytics on Big Data in Motion . ( 2014 ) . ( 2015 ) .
Manuel Wimmer 's primary affiliation is Johannes Kepler University Linz , Austria . He is authored by both Gerti Kappel et al.: Model Transformation By-Example : A Survey of the First Wave . ( 2012 ) and Alexander Bergmayr et al : From Architecture Modeling to Application Provisioning for the Cloud by Combining UML and TOSCA . ( 2016 ) . He has also authored by H.K.Lanzenberger et al . The latter two and the latter two . He was authored by J.T.E . ( 2014 . He also wrote in the same book . He authored by K.L. ( 2016 .
Johannes Wienke is the primary affiliation of the Bielefeld University in Germany and is the author of the following works : JohannesWienke et al.: A Data Set for Fault Detection Research on Component-based Robotic Systems. ( 2016 ) , Dinesh Babu Jayagopi et al . ( 2013 ) , and Sebastian Wrede : The Cognitive Interaction Toolkit : a conversational human-robot-interaction dataset . ( 2014 ) . ( 2016 . The latter was authored by him . He is the authored by the latter . He was also the co-author of the work that preceded the publication of the journal `` The Information Systems . (2013 ) . He also authored the journal 's `` Advances in robotics and intelligent systems . ( 2018 ) .
Daniel E Maurer : Expertensystem für die Störungsdiagnose anlagen von Gebäuden is authored by Daniel E. Maurer . He is the primary affiliation of ETH Zürich , Switzerland , which is affiliated with both Siyu Tang 0001 and Yan Zhang 0054 .
Sergio Roa is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany . He is the author of the following works : Sergio Roas et al.: Mapping between Compositional Semantic Representations and Lexical Semantic Resources : Towards Accurate Deep Semantic Parsing . ( 2008 ) , Sergio RoA et al : Fundamental Frequency Estimation Based on Pitch-Scaled Harmonic Filtering . ( 2007 ) , and SergioRoa & Fernando Niño : Classification of Natural Language Sentences using Neural Networks . ( 2003 ) . The latter was authored by him . ( 2004 ) and the latter was written in 2016 . He also authored in the same language . ( 2016 ) .
Dieter Lorenz 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Bielefeld in Germany and was authored by Robert Giegerich and DieterLorenz : ViSeL - An interactive course in DNA Sequencing . ( 1998 ) .
The Technical University of Munich in Germany is the primary affiliation of Mai Bui 0001 which is authored by the following authors : The authors of the following books are : The following : The book was written in the following order : `` Haowen Deng et al.: 6D Camera Relocalization in Ambiguous Scenes via Continuous Multimodal Inference . (2020 ) , `` Mai Biu et al : Dealing with Uncertainty and Ambiguity in Pose Estimation . ( 2016 ) , '' `` '' , `` '' and `` '' . The book `` '' which was authored by '' in the same language '' , '' was also published in the year 's Enfanticipation in Ambambuity via Condivision . ( 2020 ) , '1916 '' , '1818 , '2021 ' , and 'Mai Bui et al . ( 2021 ) .
Jens Lindemann 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Hamburg in Germany and is authored by both Jens Molnar et al.: Anonymity Online for Everyone : What Is Missing for Zero-Effort Privacy on the Internet . ( 2015 ) and Jens Lemann et al : Catching Inside Attackers : Balancing Forensic Detectability and Privacy of Employees . ( 2016 ) . The latter is the authored by the authors of Jens L.Eng . and the Ephraim Zimmer et al . which is the co-resident VMs via a memory-deduplication side-channel attack to detect App vendors and website owners honour their privacy rights in 2016 . (2015 .
Johannes Leupolz is the primary affiliation of the University of Augsburg in Germany . He is the author of the following publications : Axel Habermaier et al.: Unified Simulation , Visualization , and Formal Analysis of Safety-Critical Systems with S#. ( 2016 ) , and also of the publications : The following : Hemodialysis machine with S/2015 , and the following : The latter was also authored by him . He has also written the works : The publication of the journal 'Axel Habermeier et Al.: Quantitative and qualitative safety analysis of a hemodialization and measurement for Efficient Formal Safety Analysis of the same . ( 2016 . He was preceded by the publication of The journal 's `` ZERO Quantitative & qualitative and quantitative analysis of the latter was carried out in the same year .
Parisa Memarmoshrefi is the primary affiliation of the University of Gottingen , Institute for Computer Science , Germany and was authored by William Casey et al.: Deception , identity , and security : the game theory of sybil attacks . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of ParisaMemarmowi : An AI-Based Transmission Power-Control Certificate Omission in Mobile Ad-hoc Networks . ( 2015 ) and ParisaMarmowli : A Bio-Inspired Autonomous Authentication Mechanism inMobile Ad-Hoc Networks. ( 2013 ) . The latter was preceded by Parisa M.E . (2013 ) and William Casey & al.: Identity Deception and Game Deterrence via Signaling Games. ( 2016 . (2015 ) .
Arpan Gujarati is the primary affiliation of the University of British Columbia , Computer Science Department , Vancouver , BC , Canada . It is the author of Arpan Gujaratati et al.: Achal : building highly reliable networked control systems . (2019 ) , Arp Gujarati et Al.: Poincident : a high-throughput and predictable VM schedulability analysis for high-density workloads . ( 2018 ) and is the authored by Abraham Chan & al.: Affinities . ( 2015 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Munich in Germany is Sebastian Bauer 0005 which is authored by Sebastian Bauer . The latter company is the publisher of Sebastian Bauer : Fehlerdiagnose bei Luftfahrttriebwerken . ( 1997 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Medical Science University , Jaipur , India is Pradheep Manisekaran : Image Encryption by Using ACGLML. ( 2021 ) .
Giovanno Marcelo Cárdenas et al.: A Linear Scale-Space Theory for Continuous Nonlocal Evolutions in image processing. ( 2015 ) is the authored by Giovannowo Marquez . He is the primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , which is affiliated with Maximilian Fickert and has Yana Momchilova Mileva as their primary affiliation .
The primary affiliation of the Saarland University , Information Systems , Saarbrücken , Germany is the University of Technology , Erlangen . It is the author of the books , titled , `` Ankur Sharma : Snapshot : friend or foe of data management - on optimizing transaction processing in database and blockchain systems . (2019 ) , '' which was authored by Felix Martin Schuhknecht et al.: ChainifyDB : How to get rid of your Blockchain and use your DBMS instead . ( 2018 ) , and `` The Case of Hyperledger Fabric . ( 2016 ) . '' . The latter was also authored by the latter was in the same publication . '' , which was preceded by the book , `` '' by the authored by `` '' , in the following order : '' , `` Kontakt : '' ( 2016 . ( 2021 ) .
Thomas Zink 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Konstanz in Germany and is authored by Alexander Diener et al.: Universelle Traversierung von NAT-Geräten . ( 2013 ) . The latter two were also the authors of the book ThomasZink : X.509 User Certificate-based Two-Factor Authentication for Web Applications . (2017 ) .
The primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany is Jörg Müller 0007 which is authored by Jog Müller : Entwicklung eines Expertensystems zur Auswahl von Greifern für Handhabungsaufgaben . ( 1997 ) .
Johannes Schauer Marin Rodrigues is the primary affiliation of Julius-Maximilians-Universität Würzburg , Germany and is the author of the books : The authors of the following : The following : Johannes Schau and Andreas Nüchter : Digitizing automotive production lines without interrupting assembly operations through an automatic voxel-based removal of moving objects in 3D Point Clouds . ( 2016 ) , and the book `` The KITTI dataset . '' . ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by Johann Schauer . He was also authored by Pietro Abate and Andreas Schauer : Collision detection between point clouds using an efficient k-d tree implementation . (2013 ) . ( 2015 ) , the latter was preceded by the book 'Joharmar Rodrigues . ( 2014 ) .
The University of Hagen in Germany is the primary affiliation of Marco X. Bornschlegl . He is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : The following : The book `` Marco X : Erweiterte Visuelle Benutzerschnittstellen für Big-Data-Analysen . (2019 ) , '' The authors are : Michael Kaufmann et al.: A Conceptual Architecture for AI-based Big Data Analysis and Visualization Supporting Metagenomics Research. ( 2016 ) , `` Thoralf Reis & al.: CODEN : A Reference Model for Advanced Visual Interfaces Supporting Big Data-Anten. (2019 '' , `` Marking and Qualitative Evaluation of a Management Canvas for Big Data . (2020 ) . (2017 ) and `` Christian Danowski-Buhren & Information Visualization & Information-Verification . ( 2016 '' .
Manuel Huber 0001 is affiliated with the Fraunhofer Institute for Applied and Integrated Security ( AISEC , Garching , Germany ) and is authored by both the authors : Mathias Morbitzer et al.: SEVered : Transparent Main Memory Encryption Using a Minimal ARM Hypervisor . ( 2015 ) and Benjamin Taubmann et al : A Lightweight Framework for Cold Boot Based Forensics on Mobile Devices . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the authors , both of which are in the same order . It was also in the following order : The cost of OSCORE and EDHOC for Constrained Devices. ( 2016 .
Michael Schmitz 0003 is the primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the book Entwurf einer Bilddatenbank als Teil eines zahnmedizinischen Abteilungsinformationssystems . ( 1997 ) .
Oliver Fleischmann is the primary affiliation of the University of Kiel in Germany and was authored by OliverFleischmann and Reinhard Koch : The Conformal Monogenic Signal of Image Sequences . ( 2008 ) . He also authored the books Oliver Flischmann & Wheeler Sommer : On the Analysis and Decomposition of Intrinsically One-Dimensional Signals and their Superpositions . ( 2012 ) and Lettart Wietzke et al.: A Novel Curvature Estimator for Digital Curves and Images . ( 2016 ) .
Ben Bergen 0002 is authored by Benjamin Karl Bergen and Frank Hülsemann : Hierarchical hybrid grids : data structures and core algorithms for multigrid . ( 2004 ) and was authored by Ben K. Bergen et al.: Is 1.7 x 10^10 Unknowns the Largest Finite Element System that Can Be Solved Today? ( 2005 ) . It is also authored by Fabien Loiseau et al . It was also written by Benjamin K.Bergen : The Hashed Oct-Tree N-Body Algorithm at a Petaflop . ( 2016 ) . The latter was preceded by the book by Benjamin M.Eng . in the same year . It comes under the authorship of Benjamin Bergen , who in turn was the author of the book `` Benjamin Koln . '' .
Nadeschda Nikitina is the primary affiliation of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany and is the author of the following books : `` Nadejda Nikitsina et al.: Reasoning-Supported Interactive Revision of Knowledge Bases . ( 2011 ) , `` NadeshchdaNikitina and SvenSchewe : The newsEvents Ontology - An Ontology for Describing Business Events . ( 2009 ) , '' which was authored by both NadesChda Nikitaina and Lösch . ( 2012 ) . '' , `` '' . The latter was written in the same language . '' . It was authored in the following order : '' : '' , 'Echo : Forgetting in General EL Terminologies . (2009 ) , '2012 ' , ' and 'Nadeschta Nikiteria : Succinctness in EL ' ( 2013 ) . ( 2013 .
The University of Bonn in Germany is affiliated with Klaus Becker 0003 which authored Klaus Becker : Ein Mehrgitterverfahren zur Berechnungen um Tragflächenprofile . ( 1985 ) .
The primary affiliation of Nadine Steinmetz is Ilmenau University in Germany and she is the author of the following books : `` Jörg Waitelonis et al.: Use What You Have : Yovisto Video Search Engine Takes a Semantic Turn . ( 2014 ) , '' `` Nadine Weinmetz and Kai-Uwe Sattler : COALA - A Rule-Based Approach to Answer Type Prediction . ( 2016 ) . ( 2012 ) , `` '' and `` '' . The latter was authored by Christian Hentschel et al : Cross-Dataset Learning of Visual Concepts. ( 2012 '' . ( 2013 ) . '' . and `` Eternals : Condiments of Named Entity Recognition for User-Generated Tags. ( 2011 ) .
Albert Fleischmann is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt in Germany and is the author of the following works : AlbertFleischmann et al.: Moding and Implementing of Industrie 4.0 Scenarios . ( 2015 ) , Albert Fleishmann et Al.: Subject-Oriented Modeling and Execution of Multi-agent Business Processes . ( 2013 ) , and Albert Fleismann : Eine Methode zur Beschreibung von Kommunikations in Requirements Engineering. ( 2018 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by Albert Fleiischmann . ( 2014 ) . It was also authored by the co-authored by the latter was in the same year . The EIPM comes under the jurisdiction of the Co-operating Systems-of-Systems for Process Execution Support. ( 2016 .
The primary affiliation of QAware GmbH in Munich , Germany is Florian Lautenschlager et al.: Chronix : Long Term Storage and Retrieval Technology for Anomaly Detection in Operational Data . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the authors of the Flemish-language Transactions : Filippe Speicherung von Zeitreihen mit Betriebsdaten aus Software-Systemen zur Analyse von Laufzeitdaten . ( 2015 . and the German Transactions : The Missing Link in Dynamic Software Analysis . (2015 ) . The latter which was authored by the latter . The authors of which , FlorianLautenscherung von Spokesman : Larcherlager and Florian Livboucher Wohrscheißererkennung der Gruppe . ( 2018 .
Bernhard Schätz is the primary affiliation of TU Munich , Department of Informatics , Germany . He is the author of the following books : Klaus Becker et al.: Anforderungsanalyse in der modellbasierten Entwicklung am Beispiel von AutoFocus . ( 2014 ) , Tamas Szabó & al.: mbeddr - Extensible Languages for Embedded Software Development . ( 2016 ) and Dagmar Koß & Co . ( 2004 ) . He authored the latter . He was also the co-authored by the latter in the same work . He has also worked with the Gruppe Eingebettete Systeme ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by the Gruppo . ( 2012 ) and the latter by the Co. ( 2014 .
The CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security , Saarbrücken , Germany is the primary affiliation of Dominic Steinhöfel and Reiner Hähnle : Technical Report : Using Loop Scopes with for-Loops . (2019 ) and the DeGouw et al.: Verifying OpenJDK 's Sort Method for Generic Collections . ( 2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter .
Nico Potyka is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart , Institute for Parallel and Distributed Systems in Germany . He was authored by both Christoph Beierle et al.: Extending and Completing Probabilistic Knowledge and Beliefs Without Bias and the Java Library Attractor . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of the books : `` NicoPotyka : Some Notes on the Factorization of probabilistic Logical Models under Maximum Entropy Semantics . ( 2013 ) and `` Bo Xiong et al : Semi-Riemannian Graph Convolutional Networks. ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , '' which was preceded by `` '' . ( 2015 . '' and `` '' , which was co-authored by `` `` by '' , `` The Poetyka: Interpreting Neural Networks as Gradual Argumentation Frameworks ( Including Proof Appendix . '' . , `` 2021 '' , '' both of which were authored by `` Christoph beierle & al.: Affirmations with Consistent and Inconsistent Information . ( 2022 . `` and `` He was also the authored by '' . The latter was also by `` The Coincidentally '' . He 's also the `` Coincidented by `` , ' which was also written by `` Heimings '' . `` . '' , the latter was followed by `` by `` Co. '' . '' in which `` Co' was previously written . '' ( 2016 . He has also been the co-author of `` Co . ' and `` Co ' , which in turn was the author ' of `` The `` Co -authored by '' `` `` `` Co-authored '' by `` BoXiong , '' while `` Co : Addressed to ' to `` Co: PoPoyka ' ( 2015 ) . This was the Co: Co: po : Solving Reasoning Problems for Compulsionary Conditional Logics with Compulsory and 'Novelty : Deliving Reasoning ' ( 2016-2015 . ' , ' and 'Otcheka : The General Framework for Minimum Entropy ' ( 2012 ) . ' . It was also preceded by ' ' by 'Tolting Reasoning : A Tutorial for Weighted Bipolar Argumentation with Conditional Systems and 'Influenced By ' including Proof . ( 1923 - 2016 . ' -2015 .
The primary affiliation of Matthias Hiller is Technical University in Munich , Germany and he is the author of the books : Michael Pehl et al.: Efficient Evaluation of Physical Unclonable Functions Using Entropy Measures ( 2016 ) , MatthiasHiller and Georg Sigl : Increasing the efficiency of the associated key management system for PUF-based security enclosures . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by the authors : M. Hiller and Aysun Gurur Önalan : Hiding Secrecy Leakage in Leaky Helper Data . (2017 ) . ( 2016 . and the latter was also written by the author .
The Technical University of Dortmund , Department of Computer Science , Germany is the primary affiliation of Ben Hermann 0001 which is authored by the authors of the following books : Jacob Halzinger et al.: Hardening Java 's Access Control by Abolishing Implicit Privilege Elevation . ( 2015 ) , M.E.I.C . ( 2021 ) , Maximilian Schubert et al . Static data-flow analysis for software product lines in C.2022 and M.O . (2022 ) . ( 2016 ) .
Andreas Rau 0001 is the primary affiliation of the CISPA in Saarbrücken , Germany and was authored in the following order : AndreasRau et al.: Efficient GUI test generation by learning from tests of other apps. ( 2018 ) , Andreas Ruse et al : Transferring Tests Across Web Applications. ( 2016 ) , and Andreas Rostrovig et Al.: Predicting behavior anomalies in graphical user interfaces. ( 2013 ) .
Regina Fischer and Marlies Rogalski : Datenbankgestütztes Kosten- und Erlöscontrolling : Konzept und Realisierung einer entscheidungsorienerten Erfolgsrechnung ; 2. überarbeitete Auflage . ( 1995 ) is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Germany , where Benjamin Tannert and Hendrik Wöhrle are both leaders . It is also the location of the university where Regina Fischer 0001 is the current Dean .
The Hochschule Harz in Germany is the primary affiliation of Bernhard Zimmermann who authored the books Jacob Krüger et al.: Physical separation of features : a survey with CPP developers . ( 2018 ) and Bernhardmann : Transduktionsgrammatiken , ein Spezifikationswerkzeug für kontext-freie Compiler . ( 1985 ) .
The Technical University of Munich in Germany is the primary affiliation of Mai Bui 0001 which is authored by the following authors : The authors of the following books are : The following : The book was written in the following order : `` Haowen Deng et al.: 6D Camera Relocalization in Ambiguous Scenes via Continuous Multimodal Inference . (2020 ) , `` Mai Biu et al : Dealing with Uncertainty and Ambiguity in Pose Estimation . ( 2016 ) , '' `` '' , `` '' and `` '' . The book `` '' which was authored by '' in the same language '' , '' was also published in the year 's Enfanticipation in Ambambuity via Condivision . ( 2020 ) , '1916 '' , '1818 , '2021 ' , and 'Mai Bui et al . ( 2021 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Technische Universität München , Lehrstuhl für Integrierte Systeme in Germany is Philipp Wagner 0001 . The authors of the books are : The authors : The LinLi et al.: A Rule-based Methodology for Hardware Configuration Validation in Embedded Systems. ( 2016 ) , the authors : Stefan Wallentowitz et al . Open Tiled Manycore System-on-Chip ( 2013 ) , and the Plenipotentiary Information Systems ( 2014 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written by the author , Philipp Wagner . ( 2013 . The author : A non-intrusive, operating system independent spinlock profiler for embedded multicore systems. (2013 ) and the author : The author of the Torpedo Systems ( 2016 .
The Technische Universität Dresden in Germany is the primary affiliation of Francesco Kriegel who is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : The following : The printed works were written in the following order : : The FCA and Probabilistic Bases of GCIs in EL . ( 2016 ) , the latter was authored in the form of `` Franz Baader et al.: Privacy-Preserving Ontology Publishing for EL Instance Stores . ( 2021 '' and was authored by Daniel Borchmann . (2019 ) . The latter was preceded by `` Joining Implications in Formal Contexts and Inductive Learning in a Horn Description Logic . ( 2019 ) and the previous was written in `` Made in the past '' .
The primary affiliation of Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf in Germany is Florian Klein and Michael Schöttner : DXRAM : A Persistent In-Memory Storage for Billions of Small Objects . ( 2014 ) . The latter is the authored by both the authors of the book : The authors of both the book `` Florianlein : Effiziente verteilte Metadaten-Verwaltung auf Basis von ID-Bereichen in DXRAM . (2014 ) and `` Kevin Beineke et al.: Asynchronous Logging and Fast Recovery for a Large-Scale Distributed In-memory Storage . (2015 ) . (2013 ) .
Thomas S Heinze 's primary affiliation is Friedrich Schiller University Jena , Institute of Computer Science and he authored Thomas S. Heinze et al.: BPMN in the Wild : A Reprise . ( 2022 ) , Thomas S Hartze : Security Challenges of Cloud Manufacturing : A Case Study in the Aerospace Domain ( short paper ) (2019 ) . He was also the author of the books : The authors : Jasmin Türker and Thomas S Heze : PANIC - Plugging Data Leak Detection into the Camunda Modeler ( abbreviated to TPS . ( 2016 ) and the authors : TPSL . (2021 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same paper . Heze and the printed in the Decemelding Semantic Business Process Model Clones ( 2016-2021 . ( Este Überlegungen zur Erklärbarkeit von Deep-Learning-Modellen für die Analyse von Quellcode .
The University of Luxembourg , Luxembourg is the primary affiliation of Mouhammad Sakr , who authored the books : `` Swen Jacobs and MouhammadSowr : A Symbolic Algorithm for Lazy Synthesis of Eager Strategies . ( 2018 ) , 's authored by `` Paul C. Attie et al.: Model and Program Repair via SAT Solving . (2018 ) . '' and 'MouhammadSakr : `` '' ( 2019 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . It is the author of `` `` The authorship '' of `` Sowen Jacobs & MouhammadChere '' . ( 2021 ) . ' and 'Wangr : '' (2021 ) , which was the authorship of `` Gowren Jacobs and `` The author 's `` , which in turn was written in `` The Compromised Systems . (2020 '' .
The University of Tübingen in Germany is the primary affiliation of Axel Müller 0002 which was authored by Axel Möller . He is the author of the book `` Axel Müller : Entwurfsmethodik und automatisierte Verteilung für Steuerungssoftware in der Automobilelektronik . ( 1999 ) . The book was authored in the same year and is the sequel to The book `` Axiom : Client/Server-Architecture for open-loop functions in the automotive electronics development . '' which was also authored in 1999 .
Alexander Schäfer et al.: Comparing Controller With the Hand Gestures Pinch and Grab for Picking Up and Placing Virtual Objects. ( 2022 ) and Jilliam María Díaz Barros & al.: Real-Time Head Pose Estimation by Tracking and Detection of Keypoints and Facial Landmarks. ( 2018 ) were authored by the Augmented Vision Group , German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence . They are the authors of the books that were published in the year 2021 . The latter was authored by Kripasindhu Sarkar et al . It is the authored by Didier Stricker . He was also the author of the book that was written in the same year . He has also authored in the following : The book `` Tewodros Habtegebrial et al. (2018 ) and the book which was also authored by Michael Fürst and al.: HPERL : 3D Human Pas Estimation from RGB and LiDAR . (2020 .
Michael Mauderer 0002 is the primary affiliation of Technical University Munich , Germany and authored the book Michael Mouderer : Ein Beitrag zur Planung und Entwicklung von rekonfigurierbaren mechatronischen Systemen: am Beispiel von starren Fertigungssystemen . ( 2018 ) .
Michael Witt 0001 is affiliated with the Free University of Berlin in Germany and authored by Jie Wu et al.: Extending XNAT towards a Cloud-based Quality Assessment Platform for Retinal Optical Coherence Tomographies . ( 2014 ) . He was also the author of `` Michael Witt : Generation of Secure Runtime Environments for Untrusted Applications Through Machine Code Analysis . ( 2021 ) , '' which was authored by Maryna Khvastova et al . ( 2015 ) .
Meriem Trabelsi is the primary affiliation of the Tunis University in Tunisia and is the author of the books , Nahla Ben Amor et al.: Solving possibilistic games with Incomplete Information . ( 2022 ) and , also in the same year , the book , 'M'Titan 's `` Ordinal Polymatrix Games with In complete Information . '' .
Eljas Soisalon-Soininen and Chris Lonvick : The Secure Shell ( SSH ) Transport Layer Protocol . ( 2006 ) and the `` TATU Ylönen : SSH Key Management Challenges and Requirements . (2019 ) '' are the authors of the two-phase Locking .
Ralf-Christian Härting is the primary affiliation of the Aalen University of Applied Sciences , in Germany and is the author of the books : Michael Möhring et al.: Impacts of the Implementation of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR ) in the European Agriculture Sector . ( 2014 ) , Ralf–Christian Haryting et al : The Potential Value of Digitization for Business . (2017 ) , and RAL-Christian Hartting et Al.: Can Coffee Consumption Influence Business Process Modeling Behavior . ( 2021 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also associated with Christopher Reichstein et al al.: The Information Systems - An Empirical Study with a Quantitative Design . (2020 ) .
Frank Richter : Nutzung von Verhaltensmodellen für die Effektivitätsanalyse von Prozessrechnereinsätzen . ( 1980 ) is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany , which is affiliated with both Christian Hütter 0003 and Rolf Zimmermann 0001 . The University is also affiliated with the Andres Goens School of Medicine .
Irfan Simsek and Erwin P. Rathgeb : Zero-Knowledge and Identity-Based Locator/Identifier Split. ( 2016 ) are the primary authors of Irfrisk and Vedat Topuz : Data Processing on Database Management Systems with Fuzzy Query . ( 2010 ) . The latter was authored by Irfan , who is affiliated with the University of Duisburg-Essen in Germany .
Alekh Jindal and Matteo Interlandi : Machine Learning for Cloud Data Systems : the Promise , the Progress , and the Path Forward . ( 2021 ) , was authored by Alekhjian and Hiren Patel et al.: Big Data Processing at Microsoft : Hyper Scale , Massive Complexity , and Minimal Cost . ( 2014 ) . It is the primary affiliation of Alekhlamish Pimpley et al .
The University of Münster in Germany is the primary affiliation of Norbert Becker 0002 which is authored by Norbert Becker . The book was published in 1990 and is authored in ökonomischen Differenzengleichungssystemen .
Dieter Lorenz 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Bielefeld in Germany and was authored by Robert Giegerich and DieterLorenz : ViSeL - An interactive course in DNA Sequencing . ( 1998 ) .
The Hochschule Schmalkalden in Germany is the primary affiliation of Kurt Englmeier . He was authored by Jérôme Augé et al.: Catégorisation automatique de textes basée sur des hiérarchies de concepts in 2003 and 2016 . He has also authored the following books : The following : The Information Information Sharing - Fostering the Engineering Capacity of the Data-Driven Mindset . ( 2014 ) , The Information Editor : The Benefit of Thinking Small in Complex Information spaces. ( 2016 ) , Jérome Augé & Fionn Murtagh : Distinguer les requêtes pour améliorer la recherche d'information XML . ( 2006 and The Information Drinks . ( 2016 . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by the book by the Kontakt . ( 2004 . ( 2003 ) and the book The Information Xest. ( 2004 ) .
The University of Bonn in Germany is affiliated to Martin Koch 0005 which authored Martin Koch : Microarrayanalyse gynäkologischer Tumorentitäten . ( 2013 ) .
Andreas Beck 0002 is authored by Andreas Beck and Nasser Jazdi and Andreas Beck : Modellbasierte Energiekostenanalyse automatisierter Systeme . ( 2011 ) . Andreas Beck is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart in Germany and it is the authored By Andreas Beck & Peter Göhner : Models for Model-Based User-Centric Energy Analysis of Industrial Automation Systems . ( 2015 ) .
Gabriela Molinar 0001 is the primary affiliation of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology ( KIT ) in Germany and her primary work is Gabriel Molinar et al.: Ein LAMA geht online : Wie Machine-Learning-Kompetenzen durch praxisnahe Problemstellungen gefördert werden können . ( 2021 ) . The latter was authored by Gabriella Molinar 03 which is also the author of Gabriello Molinar 0901 which is the co-authored by Gabiela Alejandra Molinar Torres . (2020 ) . Gabrile Molinar was the authored by Gated Recurrent Unit Networks . (2019 ) . It was also the primary employer of Gaborli Mowen .
Gerrit Lochmann is the primary affiliation of the University of Koblenz-Landau in Germany and is the author of the books : Gerrit Lohmann : Latency Reduction for Real-Time Rendering and its Application to VR Training Scenarios . ( 2016 ) , Liesa Reitz et al.: VR-Based Gamification of Communication Training and Oral Examination in a Second Language . ( 2014 ) and the book `` Gerrit Larmann : '' . The latter was authored by GerritLohmann , the latter was written in the same year . He was also authored by Laura Haraké et al.; Tingue S(t)imulator - A Comprehensive Parametrized Pose Model for Speech Therapy . ( 2015 ) .
Guido Schmitz is the primary affiliation of Royal Holloway , University of London , UK and is the author of Daniel Fett et al.: A Comprehensive Formal Security Analysis of OAuth 2.0. ( 2016 ) , which was authored in the following order : : The authors of Guido SPRESSO : A Secure , Privacy-Respecting Single Sign-On System for the Web. ( 2015 ) , and the authors of the following : The An In-Depth Symbolic Verification Framework for Executable Cryptographic Protocol Code. ( 2021 ) . (2021 ) , Guido Shmitz 's ( 2015 . The latter is also known as GuidoSchmitz . (3021 ) and Daniel Flemish , LLC DY*: A Modular Symbolic Security analysis of the ACME Standard . 2021 , both were written in the same year .
Zhenhua Wang 0006 , authored in 1990 , is the primary affiliation of ETH Zurich , Switzerland and is the source of Zhenhone Wang : Current mode analog integrated circuits and linearization techniques in CMOS technology .
Helmut Dietrich 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Mainz in Germany which is affiliated with the university of commerce . He was the author of the 1994 academic book Helm Dietrich : Ergebnisse und Bewertungen computererfasster Funktionsstaten der Poliklinik für Zahnärztliche Prothetik . ( 1994 ) .
The primary affiliation of Feng Cheng 0002 is the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam and it was authored by both Marian Gawron et al.: Automatic vulnerability detection for weakness visualization and advisory creation . ( 2015 ) and by Martin Ussath et al : A Theoretical Model of Lock-Keeper Data Exchange and its Practical Verification . ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored by M.G.W.and M.Eng . in the following order : M.L.I . Both were authored by Janie Peng et al . (2017 ) and M.O . (2018 . M.E . (2015 ) . and the latter was preceded by the authors : Analyzing Remote Desktop Protocol Traffic. ( 2016 .
The University of Heidelberg in Germany is the primary affiliation of Markus Wolf 0002 which authored the book Lutz Bornmann et al.: Closed versus open reviewing of journal manuscripts : how far do comments differ in language use? ( 2012 ) . It is also the author of the book , Markus Wolf : E-Mail in der Psychotherapie : Entwicklung und Evaluation eines E- Mail-basierten Nachsorgeprogramms für die stationäre Psychotherapanie . ( 2014 ) .
Manuel Huber 0001 is affiliated with the Fraunhofer Institute for Applied and Integrated Security ( AISEC , Garching , Germany ) and is authored by both the authors : Mathias Morbitzer et al.: SEVered : Transparent Main Memory Encryption Using a Minimal ARM Hypervisor . ( 2015 ) and Benjamin Taubmann et al : A Lightweight Framework for Cold Boot Based Forensics on Mobile Devices . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was preceded by the authors , both of which are in the same order . It was also in the following order : The cost of OSCORE and EDHOC for Constrained Devices. ( 2016 .
Michael J. Carey 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of California , Irvine , USA and was authored by both Chen Luo and Michael J Carey : Efficient Data Ingestion and Query Processing for LSM-based Storage Systems . (2019 ) and the authors of Mary Tork Roth et al.: The Garlic Project . ( 1996 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was also the author of the book `` Simultaneous Information Management in the AquaLogic Data Services Platform . ( 2016 ) .
Julius Mueller is the primary affiliation of Technical University Berlin , Department of Telecommunication Systems and authored Julius Mueller et al.: Peer Assist Live Streaming Overlay for Next-Generation-Networks and beyond . ( 2013 ) , Julius Mueller & Thomas Magedanz : The Fraunhofer Open5GCore . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by Julius Mueller and the latter was the author of Julius Mueller 's work in the following : Julius Mueller : The ETSI IMS Plugtests Events . ( 2011 ) , the latter of which was also written in the same year . Julius Mueller was the co-authored by JuliusMagedanz and Julius Mueller , which in turn was the authored by the latter is the authored by Marius Corici et al., LLC Network and Control Platforms ( 2013 .
Timo Kehrer is the primary affiliation of the University of Bern , Institute of Computer Science in Switzerland . He authored TimoKehrer et al.: An Adaptable Tool Environment for High-level Differencing of Textual Models . ( 2015 ) , Maike Basmer and Timokehrer : An Exploration of Sustainability Thinking in Research Software Engineering . ( 2018 ) , and the latter was authored by Timohrer and Birgit Penzenstadler : An Affiliating Edit Operations for Profiled UML Models. ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored in the same year . TimoHrer , TimoEchoating Large EMF Models Efficiently - A Rule-Based , Configurable Approach to A Case Study . (2019 ) . (2018 ) .
The Technische Universität Dresden in Germany is the primary affiliation of Francesco Kriegel who is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : The following : The printed works were written in the following order : : The FCA and Probabilistic Bases of GCIs in EL . ( 2016 ) , the latter was authored in the form of `` Franz Baader et al.: Privacy-Preserving Ontology Publishing for EL Instance Stores . ( 2021 '' and was authored by Daniel Borchmann . (2019 ) . The latter was preceded by `` Joining Implications in Formal Contexts and Inductive Learning in a Horn Description Logic . ( 2019 ) and the previous was written in `` Made in the past '' .
Nadeschda Nikitina is the primary affiliation of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany and is the author of the following books : `` Nadejda Nikitsina et al.: Reasoning-Supported Interactive Revision of Knowledge Bases . ( 2011 ) , `` NadeshchdaNikitina and SvenSchewe : The newsEvents Ontology - An Ontology for Describing Business Events . ( 2009 ) , '' which was authored by both NadesChda Nikitaina and Lösch . ( 2012 ) . '' , `` '' . The latter was written in the same language . '' . It was authored in the following order : '' : '' , 'Echo : Forgetting in General EL Terminologies . (2009 ) , '2012 ' , ' and 'Nadeschta Nikiteria : Succinctness in EL ' ( 2013 ) . ( 2013 .
Albert Fleischmann is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt in Germany and is the author of the following works : AlbertFleischmann et al.: Moding and Implementing of Industrie 4.0 Scenarios . ( 2015 ) , Albert Fleishmann et Al.: Subject-Oriented Modeling and Execution of Multi-agent Business Processes . ( 2013 ) , and Albert Fleismann : Eine Methode zur Beschreibung von Kommunikations in Requirements Engineering. ( 2018 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by Albert Fleiischmann . ( 2014 ) . It was also authored by the co-authored by the latter was in the same year . The EIPM comes under the jurisdiction of the Co-operating Systems-of-Systems for Process Execution Support. ( 2016 .
The primary affiliation of the Goethe University informatics in Germany is the Institute for Informatics . The authors of the works are : Sage Sage et al.: Dealing with Variability in API Misuse Specification ( 2022 ) , Gruethe University Frankfurt et al : Combining user-interaction and automation to evolve source code . (2017 ) , and also the authors of `` Kontain et al!: Cleaning up copy-paste clones with interactive merging . (2018 ) . '' and `` Sage Sage : Copy and paste redeemed . ( 2016 ) . ( 2021 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter was also the work . (2021 ) and `` Gruethe Affirmations '' , the latter being the associated with the automatic bug detection in neural networks .
The primary affiliation of the HPI , University of Potsdam in Germany is the company of Stefan Neumann 0002 which was authored by Thomas Vogel et al.: Modular timing analysis of component-based real-time embedded systems. ( 2009 ) and Andreas Seibel et al : Dynamic hierarchical mega models : comprehensive traceability and its efficient maintenance . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter .
Helmut Schmidt University in Hamburg , Germany is affiliated with Rolf Weber 0002 which was authored by Rolf Wehrman and is the author of the book `` Ridgeweigung von dial-a-ride-Problemen . ''
Aviad Rubinstein and Virginia Vassilevska Williams are both affiliated with Stanford University . They authored the works of the following : Mark Braverman et al.: ETH Hardness for Densest-k-Subgraph with Perfect Completeness in P. (2017 ) , Mika Göös and AviAd Rubinstein : Near-Optimal Communication Lower Bounds for Approximate Nash Equilibria . ( 2018 ) and Zhao Song : Reducing approximate Longest Common Subsequence to approximate Edit Distance . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter . They were both authored by Aviads Rubinstein . ( 2016 ) . They are the authors of the latter work . It was also authored by Mika Gottinger et al . ( 2017 ) .
The primary affiliation of Hinrich E. G. Bonin is Leuphana University of Lüneburg and they are the authors of Fevzi Belli et al.: Some aspects on the development and validation of FIREX : a knowledge-based system for the transport of dangerous goods and fire department consulting . ( 1989 ) and the book `` Fevrich E G.Bonin : An Approach to Control Different Versions of Knowledge in Object-Oriented Systems and its Applications in FIREX . ( 1990 ) . ( 1994 ) . The book was authored by the latter was also authored by him . It was also written by the former . The latter was preceded by the book 's editors . ' which was written in the following : The book 'was the Co-operation & Kollaboration mit Hilfe von Editoren - als Komplexer DV-Vorhaben der Verwaltungsautomation . ( 1993 ) and was authored in the same year by the same author . It is also the book by the author . The following was the book that was written by him , which was itself authored by The author , HinrichE.G . Bonin . He is the co-authored by the following . He was also the author of the book which was also edited by the previous year . It comes under the auspices of which is the Lernendes System . (1992 ) . He has also authored the book The book `` The book '' which is also known as `` The Culprit? Panel Position Paper . '' and was the sequel to `` The following '' which was the work of the author , which is Fevi Belli and the latter is also authored . The author is Hinrich . G.bonin . It has been authored by both Hinrich and Fevich E.G.W.N.C . He also has been the author for `` The Gruppo Einführung informationstechnischer Einrichtungen-Als : Aussprache zu den Referaten von August-Wilhelm Scheer und Jürgen Faehling . ( 2002 ) .
Michael Weber 0005 , authored by Matthias Kleiner et al.: Tube expansion by gas detonation . ( 2006 ) , is the primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen , Shock Wave Laboratory , which is affiliated with the Michael Weber Association for Research on Parallel algorithms for verification on large systems .
The primary affiliation of Saarland University in Saarbrücken , Germany is Yana Momchilova Mileva which is authored by YanaMomchilva et al.: Illumination-Robust Variational Optical Flow with Photometric Invariants . ( 2007 ) and Andreas Zeller : Assessing Modity via usage changes . ( 2011 ) . The latter is the authored work of Yana M.M.L.A .
Georgia Albuquerque is the primary affiliation of TU Braunschweig , Computer Graphics Lab , Germany and is the author of Georgia Priscylla Cesar de Albuquerque Richers : Visual analysis of high-dimensional spaces . ( 2014 ) and Georgia Albuquerque et al.: A Nested Hierarchy of Localized Scatterplots . ( 2011 ) . The latter was authored by Georgia Albuquerque and the latter was also authored by Timo Stich et al : View and Time Interpolation in Image Space . ( 2008 .
Michael Felsberg is the primary affiliation of Linköping University in Sweden and authored by both Abdelrahman Eldesokey and Joakim Johnander et al.: DCCO : Towards Deformable Continuous Convolution Operators for Visual Tracking . (2017 ) . The latter was authored by Bertil Grelsson and co. Alexis Dense Gaussian Processes for Glimpses for Few-Shot Segmentation . ( 2009 ) . It was also authored by the latter . He is also the author of the book `` The Electronic Transactions for Components for Visual Cyclists Analysis : In the Wild . ( 2016 ) . '' and the book 's co. ( 2009 . He was also the authored by K.P. , while the latter was written by the former . (2009 ) .
Fabian Hadiji is the primary affiliation of Goedle.io GmbH in Cologne , Germany and was authored by Christian Bauckhage et al.: GeoDBLP : Geo-Tagging DBLP for Mining the Sociology of Computer Science ( 2013 ) . It was also authored by Kristian Kersting et al : Informed Lifting for Message-Passing . ( 2015 ) and Fabian Hilary Pedersen & Kristian Kermont : eLift : DeLivable Likelihood Maximization for Modifications for Competing Systems (2013 ) . ( 2014 ) . The latter was the authored by the latter was also the author of the latter . It is the authorship of the book which was written in the same order . The book was also published in the following order : `` Youness Dehbi et Al.: Statistical Relational Learning of Grammar Rules for 3D Building Reconstruction . (2017 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Munich in Germany is Sebastian Bauer 0005 which is authored by Sebastian Bauer . The latter company is the publisher of Sebastian Bauer : Fehlerdiagnose bei Luftfahrttriebwerken . ( 1997 ) .
Frank Weiß 0002 is the primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen University in Germany and was authored by Frank Wege zur Programmierung von Industrierobotern für bahnbezogene Handhabungsaufgaben . ( 1989 ) .
Ahmed Hamdi 's primary affiliation is the University of La Rochelle , France and he is the author of the following books : Ahmed Hamd et al.: A Multilingual Dataset for Named Entity Recognition , Entity Linking and Stance Detection in Historical Newspapers . ( 2021 ) , Ahmed H.H.E . 's ( 2015 ) and 'E.L.C . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by him . It was also the authored by the latter 's co-authored by Ahmad Hamdi , which was also in the following : The latter is also the work . Ahmed Hamden et al. ( 2015 was also authored by Ahmed Hamda et al . It is the latter was the editor of the publication 's information-tagging of Tunisian Dialect Using Standard Arabic Resources and Tools . ( 2015 . and the latter is the work was also edited by the editor . It 's also the co-authored by the Gujarat Hamdi and the E.L . He was the author . The author of which was the ECLI . (2015 was the `` Information Extraction from Invoices . (2021 ) and was in the same publication was the Authored by the author 's Co-correction for 'TENIENIest Arabic Resources & Tools ( 2015-2021 . This publication was also preceded by the `` In addition to the `` AhmedHamdi et al., '' which was in turn authored by 'ECLI : '' . The ECLC ' was the authorship of `` Ahmed M.H .E . He has also authored : '' and 'ICLI ' and `` In this case ' was Ahmed Hamdem et al : '' which is the `` Authored By '' . This was the latter being the author : `` Ahmed HamDi : `` An Analysis of the Performance of Named Entity Identifier Recognition : Addités nommérisation dans la reconnaissance d'entités Nommées pour les documents historiques . (2020 -2021 -1921 .
Thomas S Heinze 's primary affiliation is Friedrich Schiller University Jena , Institute of Computer Science and he authored Thomas S. Heinze et al.: BPMN in the Wild : A Reprise . ( 2022 ) , Thomas S Hartze : Security Challenges of Cloud Manufacturing : A Case Study in the Aerospace Domain ( short paper ) (2019 ) . He was also the author of the books : The authors : Jasmin Türker and Thomas S Heze : PANIC - Plugging Data Leak Detection into the Camunda Modeler ( abbreviated to TPS . ( 2016 ) and the authors : TPSL . (2021 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same paper . Heze and the printed in the Decemelding Semantic Business Process Model Clones ( 2016-2021 . ( Este Überlegungen zur Erklärbarkeit von Deep-Learning-Modellen für die Analyse von Quellcode .
Alexander Kulik is the primary affiliation of the Bauhaus University of Weimar , Computer Science and Media Department in Germany . He was authored by André Kunert et al.: The Globefish : A novel input device for desktop-based 3D interaction . ( 2009 ) and by Tim Weißker et al : Spatial Updating and Simulator Sickness During Steering and Augmented Reality in Everyday Context ( VARECo ) . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of Alexander Kudlik et al . The latter work . He also authored by the latter work and was the co-authored by the authors : The Groovepad : A Handheld Device for 3D-Presentations . ( 2012 ) .
Joachim Clemens is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Cognitive Neuroinformatics in Germany . He was authored by Thomas Reineking and Joachimo Clemens : Emidential FastSLAM for grid mapping. ( 2013 ) and the Andreas Grimmer et al.: Formal methods for reasoning and uncertainty reduction in evidential grid maps. ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored in the same year . He is also the author of the book `` JoachIM Clemens and Kerstin Schill : Extended Kalman filter with the manifold state representation for navigating a maneuverable melting probe . (2017 ) . It was preceded by the book 's ( 2018 ) .
The Heidelberg University in Germany is the primary affiliation of Petra Knaup-Gregori who authored the works of Andriana Ognjanovic et al.: The Stratified Framework for Enhancing and Updating Study Programs in Public Health and Medical Informatics Fields in Montenegro . ( 2008 ) . The latter was authored by Angela Merzweiler and al.: TERMTrial - terminology-based documentation systems for cooperative clinical trials . ( 2005 ) and the latter by Petra K. Grafmann . ( 2006 ) . It is also the authored by the latter . It was also the author of the work of the authors of both the books of The latter . In addition to the latter was also published in the same year . This publication was preceded by the publication of the journal , which was also in the following year .
Eljas Soisalon-Soininen and Chris Lonvick : The Secure Shell ( SSH ) Transport Layer Protocol . ( 2006 ) and the `` TATU Ylönen : SSH Key Management Challenges and Requirements . (2019 ) '' are the authors of the two-phase Locking .
Andreas J. W. Goldschmidt is the author of Gerrit Hornung et al.: Die künftige Telematik-Rahmenarchitektur im Gesundheitswesen - Recht , Technologie , Infrastruktur und Ökonomie . ( 2005 ) and his primary affiliation is the University of Trier , Germany . He is the primary affiliation of the university which is affiliated with the Sergej Chludov school . He was authored by Gabor . He also has the academic school of physics . He has also been the Dean of Technology .
The primary affiliation of Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf in Germany is Florian Klein and Michael Schöttner : DXRAM : A Persistent In-Memory Storage for Billions of Small Objects . ( 2014 ) . The latter is the authored by both the authors of the book : The authors of both the book `` Florianlein : Effiziente verteilte Metadaten-Verwaltung auf Basis von ID-Bereichen in DXRAM . (2014 ) and `` Kevin Beineke et al.: Asynchronous Logging and Fast Recovery for a Large-Scale Distributed In-memory Storage . (2015 ) . (2013 ) .
Michael Schneider is the author of Michael Schneider : Verteilte adaptive numerische Simulation auf der Basis der Finite-Elemente-Methode . ( 1995 ) . The primary affiliation of Technical University in Germany is Michael May 0003 and the primary affiliation is Andreas Seitz and Gerhard Kramer .
The Max Planck Institute for Informatics , Saarbrücken , Germany is the primary affiliation of Yang He 0005 . The authors of the books are : Yang He et al.: CosSGD : Nonlinear Quantization for Communication-efficient Federated Learning. (2020 ) and `` Yang He : Synthetic Convolutional Features for Improved Semantic Segmentation. ( 2021 ) , which was authored by `` Anurag Das & al.: (SP)2Net for Generalized Zero-Label Semantic segmentation . (2021 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was also authored by the latter was written in the same language . It was authored in the following order : `` Y & L : Decemeres for Competing DeSensing Deepfakes via Re-Synthesis . (2019 ) .
Johannes Bauer 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Hamburg in Germany and was authored by Johannes Bauer and Stefan Wermter . It is the author of Johannes Bauer et al.: A SOM-based model for multi-sensory integration in the superior colliculus . ( 2015 ) and Johannes Bauer & Stefan Wermanter : Self-Organized Neural Learning of Statistical Inference from High-Dimensional Data . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was preceded by the publication of the J. Bauer and K.D . ( 2014 ) and the latter was also written in the same publication . The J.D. ( 2015 . ( 2016 ) . Johannes Bauer was the authorship of the latter is also the authors of the Johannes Bauer . This publication was also published in the journal Johannes Bauer 's ( 2013 .
Michael Müller 0007 is the primary affiliation of Kaiserslautern University of Technology in Germany and was authored by him . The book was published in 1983 .
The university of Zürich UZH , Communication Systems Group CSG , Department of Informatics IfI , Switzerland is the primary affiliation of Bruno Rodrigues 0001 . He is the author of the following works : The following : The Cooperative DDoS Signaling system ( BloSS : Cooperative Signaling of Distributed Denial-of-Service Attacks . (2020 ) was authored by the following : Eder J. Scheid et al.: Bifröst : a Modular Blockchain Interoperability API . (2019 ) and the co-authored by the Gruber Rodrigues and Burkhard Stiller : This is based on a Blockchain-based System . (2021 ) , The Information-Driven Analysis of Applicability . (2018 ) was preceded by the `` GruberJ.Stiller : A Blockchain-Based Cyber Insurance Approach for the Deployment and Management of a Contract Coverage . ( 2021 ) . ( 2018 ) .
Madlen Wuttke : Proaktive Agenten im Lernkontext : Die Auswirkungen neuer Inputkanäle in der lernstoffvermittelnden Mensch-Computer-Interaktion . ( 2014 ) was authored by Madlen Meeller-Wuttke and Michael Heidt . The latter is the author of the books : Madlen wuttke et al.: Proactive Functions of a Pedagogical Agent - Steps for Implementing a Social Catalyst Function . ( 2016 ) and the book : The Outlook for the Validation of a Natural User Interface . ( 2017 ) . The book was also authored by the latter . They are the authors of the book that was authored in the same year . The authors are Andreas Bischof et al.? Interdisziplinäre Impulse für den Begriff `` Interaktion '' ( 2014 .
The German Climate Computing Center ( DKRZ ) , Hamburg , Germany is the primary affiliation of Hashim Iqbal Chunpir and Thomas Ludwig . They are the authors of the following books : The authors of both the books are : The following : The book was authored by the latter in the following order : `` The authors are : `` Hashim Ismailzadeh : Comparison of Information Technology Service Management (ITSM) Practices in e-Infrastructures , Libraries , Public Administration and the Private Sector . ( 2018 ) , '' which was preceded by `` The Governance Structure of End-User Support in the Turkish Context . ( 2014 '' , `` The Information : '' , '' `` The Reference : '' : `` ItSM) : An Empirical Evidence of Barriers in a Big Data Infrastructure . ( 2015 '' , 'Was Ali Sahito et al.: Significance Of Barriers , L.P . ( 2016 ) , ' ( 2014 ) and '
Michael Weber , who authored Michael Weber : An application development method for Xputers . ( 1990 ) , is the primary affiliation of Kaiserslautern University of Technology , Germany .
René Weller is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Faculty of Mathematics , Computer Science . He authored J. Cepok et al.: Kinaptic - Techniques and insights for creating competitive accessible 3D games for sighted and visually impaired users in the year 2016 . He was authored by Gabor Scharf and Rene Hartel . He is also the author of J.Cepok & al.: Identifier : A Reactive Multithreaded Pipeline Library for 3D Telepresence in VR . ( 2016 ) . He and Gabriel Zachmann : The latter was also the authored by Jörn Teuber et al . That publication was preceded by the work that was followed by the book J.D.L.I . That book was also written in the entity-component-system pattern for realtime interactive systems. ( 2016 .
Benjamin Tannert is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen in Germany and authored the books : Anke Marei Brock et al.: SIG : Making Maps Accessible Barriers Using Cost-Benefit Analysis to Design Reliable Navigation Services for Wheelchair Users . ( 2018 ) , He also authored : Digitale Medien für Menschen mit Lernschwierigkeiten Entwicklung und Erprobung eines mobilen Assistenzsystems für kontextbezogenes Lernen . ( 2021 ) . He was authored in the same year . He is the author of the book that led to the publication of the work that was preceded by the book `` Ankemmarrantisation Systems for People with Mobility Impairments . (2018 ) .
Michael Braun 0003 is affiliated with the BMW Group Research in Munich , Germany and was authored by Michael Oehl et al.: Emotions in the Age of Automated Driving - Developing Use Cases for Empathic Cars . (2019 ) . He also authored Michael Braun et al : Emotion GaRage Vol. II : : A Workshop on Affective In-Vehicle Display Design . ( 2019 ) .
Michael Mauderer 0002 is the primary affiliation of Technical University Munich , Germany and authored the book Michael Mouderer : Ein Beitrag zur Planung und Entwicklung von rekonfigurierbaren mechatronischen Systemen: am Beispiel von starren Fertigungssystemen . ( 2018 ) .
The primary affiliation of the university is the Philipps University of Marburg in Germany . The authors of the books are Christian Boß and Volker Roth : Trends und Perspektiven - Systementwickler . ( 1990 ) , which is authored by both the latter two . The book was also authored by the following : The authors are : The latter two are : the authors of both the books : The book `` Vater Roth : Datenverarbeitungsberufe im Wandel : industrie- und berufssoziologische Untersuchung zu Entwicklungstrends und -Perspektiv - Systemprogrammierer . (1990 ) and the book was written in the book is also written in der DatenVerwandel : The Grunde : The Torpedo Heitenversituation in den Dv-Berufen. ( 1990 , and the work '' , which was authored in the same year . ( 1993 ) , and also in the following order : DeWitten ( 1990 .
The University of Hamburg , Department of Informatics is the primary affiliation of Tobias Lang 0001 which is authored by both Tobias Lang and Marc Toussaint : Approximate inference for planning in stochastic relational worlds . ( 2009 ) and the authors of the books : Tovel Lang et al.: Active Learning for Teaching a Robot Grounded Relational Symbols . ( 2013 ) . ( 2014 ) , and the latter was authored by the latter in the same order . The latter was followed by the authors : Marc Toupart et al : Kognitive Robotik - Herausforderungen an Unser Verständnis natürlicher Umgebungen . (2013 ) .
The University of Calgary in Canada is the primary affiliation of Christian Jacob 0001 who authored the books : Peter Wilke and Christian Jacob : Simulating Neural Networks in a Distributed Computing Environment Using NeuroGraph . ( 2011 ) , Peter M. Hoar et al.: Programming and evolving physical self-assembling systems in three dimensions . ( 2012 ) , and the book `` The NeuroGraph Neural Network Simulator . ( 2003 ) .
Alberto Romay is the primary affiliation of Darmstadt University of Technology in Germany and is the author of both the Stecher et al.: Human-robot Teaming for Rescue Missions and Alberto Isay Romay Tovar : An object template approach to manipulation for the semi-autonomous avatar robots . ( 2014 ) and the Stefan Kohlbrecher & al.: A Comprehensive Software Framework for Complex Locomotion and Manipulation Tasks Applicable to Different Types of Humanoid Robots . ( 2016 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . Hector and ViGIR 's efforts at the 2013 DARPA Robotics Challenge Trials . ( 2013 ) .
Michael Weber , who authored Michael Weber : An application development method for Xputers . ( 1990 ) , is the primary affiliation of Kaiserslautern University of Technology , Germany .
Michael Schröder is the primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Germany and authored Michael Schroger : Automatische Objekt- und Threadverteilung in einer virtuellen Maschine . ( 2001 ) . The book is also authored by Michael Scharf and Franz J. Hauck : Juggle : Eine verteilte virtuelle MasChine für Java . ( 1999 ) .
Ralf-Christian Härting is the primary affiliation of the Aalen University of Applied Sciences , in Germany and is the author of the books : Michael Möhring et al.: Impacts of the Implementation of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR ) in the European Agriculture Sector . ( 2014 ) , Ralf–Christian Haryting et al : The Potential Value of Digitization for Business . (2017 ) , and RAL-Christian Hartting et Al.: Can Coffee Consumption Influence Business Process Modeling Behavior . ( 2021 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . He is also associated with Christopher Reichstein et al al.: The Information Systems - An Empirical Study with a Quantitative Design . (2020 ) .
The Hochschule Harz in Germany is the primary affiliation of Bernhard Zimmermann who authored the books Jacob Krüger et al.: Physical separation of features : a survey with CPP developers . ( 2018 ) and Bernhardmann : Transduktionsgrammatiken , ein Spezifikationswerkzeug für kontext-freie Compiler . ( 1985 ) .
Thomas Thüm is the primary affiliation of TU Braunschweig , Institute of Software Engineering and Automotive Informatics , Germany . He authored Hagen Schink et al.: A Study on Tool Support for Refactoring in Database Applications. ( 2016 ) and the authors of the following : Alexander Knüppel et al : Skill-Based Verification of Cyber-Physical Systems. ( 2018 ) , Thomas Thulm et al . ( 2016 . ( 2014 ) . The latter was authored by Thomas Thuhm . He was also the author of the book `` Reiner Jung et al ; Addressed Challenges . (2019 ) . ( 2015 ) . He also authored the book 's `` Sven Apel & al.: Feature-interaction detection based on feature-based specifications . ( 2013 ) and 'Sloia Ananieva et al.; Implicit constraints in partial feature models . (2013 ) .
Michael Schneider is the author of Michael Schneider : Verteilte adaptive numerische Simulation auf der Basis der Finite-Elemente-Methode . ( 1995 ) . The primary affiliation of Technical University in Germany is Michael May 0003 and the primary affiliation is Andreas Seitz and Gerhard Kramer .
Christian Schulz 0003 is affiliated with Heidelberg University in Germany and is authored by Lars Gottesbüren et al.: Deep Multilevel Graph Partitioning and Clustering . ( 2014 ) . The latter publication was preceded by the work of Marcelo Fonseca Faraj and al.: High-Quality Hierarchical Process Mapping . ( 2016 ) and was authored by Roland Glantz et al . ( 2021 ) .
The Max Planck Institute for Informatics ( MPII ) is the primary affiliation of Franziska Mueller 0001 which was authored by Srinath Sridhar et al.: Real-time Joint Tracking of a Hand Manipulating an Object from RGB-D Input . ( 2016 ) and Jalees Nehvi et al : Differentiable Event Stream Simulator for Non-Rigid 3D Tracking. ( 2021 ) . ( 2018 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was also authored by Jiayi Wang , who is the author of the book that was also published in the same publication . The book was also written in the following order : `` Dushyant Mehta et al*: Single-Shot Multi-person 3D Pose Estimation from Monocular RGB. (2018 ) .
Peter Becker 0001 is affiliated with the University of Applied Sciences , Institute of Visual Computing , St. Augustin , Germany and was authored by Peter Becker and Stefan Müller : Verteiltes Modell-Management und Objektbanken für diskrete Probleme und diskrete Strukturen . ( 1996 ) and Peter Becker : Construction of Nearly Optimal Multiway Trees . ( 1995 ) . It is authored by both Peter Becker & Peter Dettmar et al.: Efficient Mesoscopic Simulations for Persistent Agents in 3D-Applications and Games . ( 2013 ) . The latter was also authored by Hans Argenton . Peter Becker .
Walter Brenner is the primary affiliation of the University of St. Gallen in Switzerland and authored by Alexander Ritschel et al.: SOX-IT-Compliance bei Novartis . ( 2006 ) . He was also the author of both the authors : Manuel Holler et al : The Role of Product Usage Data for Product Development enabled by intelligent Properties . ( 2016 ) and also the authors of the E-mail embedded software prototype for knowledge management . The latter was discovered in the year 2016 . He also authored by both the latter . Hehn et al ; On Integrating Design Thinking for Human-Centered Requirements Engineering. ( 2016 . ( 2015 ) and the authors , both of which were coined in the same year . The authorship of the latter was coined by the latter in the past . It was also written in the form of the PoCockpit .
The primary affiliation of Tobias Jäkel is the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and he is the author of the following books : Tobias J.J.s : The Role-based Database Model and Architecture. ( 2014 ) , the authors : The role-based database Model for Role-Based Software Systems. ( 2016 ) , and the ECLC - a query language for dynamic data types . ( 2015 ) .
Olga Glanz , who is the primary affiliation of the University of Freiburg , Breiburg im Breisgau in Germany , is the author of the books Olga Galanz : Investigations of speech and other communication-relevant behaviors under non-experimental , real-world conditions using ECoG (2019 ) and Johanna Ruescher et al.: Somatotopic mapping of natural upper- and lower-extremity movements and speech production with high gamma electrocorticography . ( 2013 ) .
Alexander Kulik is the primary affiliation of the Bauhaus University of Weimar , Computer Science and Media Department in Germany . He was authored by André Kunert et al.: The Globefish : A novel input device for desktop-based 3D interaction . ( 2009 ) and by Tim Weißker et al : Spatial Updating and Simulator Sickness During Steering and Augmented Reality in Everyday Context ( VARECo ) . ( 2016 ) . He is also the author of Alexander Kudlik et al . The latter work . He also authored by the latter work and was the co-authored by the authors : The Groovepad : A Handheld Device for 3D-Presentations . ( 2012 ) .
Shadan Sadeghian Borojeni : Supporting Take-over Situations in Highly Automated Driving (2019 ) was authored by both Frank Flemisch et al.: Making HSI More Intelligent : Human Systems Exploration Versus Experiment for the Integration of Humans and Artificial Cognitive Systems . ( 2018 ) . He is the primary affiliation of the University of Siegen in Germany . He also authored Shadan Sanchez : Comparing Shape-Changing and Vibro-Tactile Steering Wheels for Take-Over Procedures in HighlyAutomated Driving . (2017 ) and ShadanSadeghia Borojen et al : Assisting Drivers with Ambient Take-Univision Workshop on Designing Technologies for Future Forms of Sustainable Mobility . (2020 ) .
Parisa Memarmoshrefi is the primary affiliation of the University of Gottingen , Institute for Computer Science , Germany and was authored by William Casey et al.: Deception , identity , and security : the game theory of sybil attacks . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of ParisaMemarmowi : An AI-Based Transmission Power-Control Certificate Omission in Mobile Ad-hoc Networks . ( 2015 ) and ParisaMarmowli : A Bio-Inspired Autonomous Authentication Mechanism inMobile Ad-Hoc Networks. ( 2013 ) . The latter was preceded by Parisa M.E . (2013 ) and William Casey & al.: Identity Deception and Game Deterrence via Signaling Games. ( 2016 . (2015 ) .
Authored by Jack Hessel et al.: Coherent Multi-Sentence Video Description with Variable Level of Detail ( 2014 ) , Anna Rohrbach is the primary affiliation of the University of California , Berkeley , CA , USA . She is the author of the books : `` Xiaojun Xu et al : Can you fool AI with adversarial examples on a visual Turing test? (2017 ) , '' `` The Abduction of Sherlock Holmes : A Dataset for Vision-and-Language Navigation . ( 2014 '' and `` `` `` . ( 2018 ) . '' . The latter was authored by Daniel Fried & al.: Speaker-Follower Models for Vision and Lening to the Evidence ( 1918 ) . (2018 ) and `` Addition to the Advised Bystanding Bystander : Unsupervised Pretraining with Region Priors for Object Detection . (2021 '' . ( 2021 ) .
Daniel E Maurer : Expertensystem für die Störungsdiagnose anlagen von Gebäuden is authored by Daniel E. Maurer . He is the primary affiliation of ETH Zürich , Switzerland , which is affiliated with both Siyu Tang 0001 and Yan Zhang 0054 .
The Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster , WWU , Germany is the primary affiliation of Muhammad Jawad 0002 which was authored in the following order : The following books were published in the year 2021 : The book was preceded by the book `` Muhammad Jawade et al.: Interactive Visual Analysis of Mass Spectrometry Imaging Data Using Linear and non-Linear Embeddings . (2019 ) . ( 2016 ) and the book '1921 . It was also authored by the following authors : The latter was also written in the same order : `` The Reference Study for the Study of Human Brain Tumors . ( 2021 ) , '' Muhammad J.D . (2021 ) and '1922 . (2020 ) , '1929 . ' and '2021 ' ( 2016 .
The TU Berlin Institute of Mathematics in Germany is the primary affiliation of Stefan Felsner . He is the author of the following books : The following : The Order Dimension of Planar Maps Revisited ( 2015 ) , the book `` The Order : On-Line Chain Partitions of Orders. '' ( 1996 ) , `` On the Interplay Between Interval Dimension and Dimension . '' ( 1999 ) , '' and `` The book 's `` Steppe : The Linear Extension Diameter of a Poset '' ( 2000 ) , ' ( 2016 ) . ' ( which was authored by Klaus Reuter and the book ' ( 1998 ) . '' , ' and 'Lattices of Two-Dimensional Posets ' ( 2011 ) . ( 2015 '' .
The primary affiliation of TU Darmstadt in Germany is the company of Axel Schmidt 0001 which was authored by Lucie Langer et al.: An Evaluation and Certification Approach to Enable Voting Service Providers . ( 2009 ) . The company is also the author of the LucieLanger & al.: Condensed Privacy and Verifiability Requirements for Electronic Voting. (2009 ) and the L.L.R . (2009) . The latter is the authorship of the latter . The L.R.E . paper which was also authored by the company 's parent company , which is also known as the `` L.E.W.L . '' and the associated with the information about the electronic elections providing voter-verifiability in the bulletin board model . ( 2008 .
Michael J. Carey 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of California , Irvine , USA and was authored by both Chen Luo and Michael J Carey : Efficient Data Ingestion and Query Processing for LSM-based Storage Systems . (2019 ) and the authors of Mary Tork Roth et al.: The Garlic Project . ( 1996 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter . It was also the author of the book `` Simultaneous Information Management in the AquaLogic Data Services Platform . ( 2016 ) .
The University of Trier in Germany is affiliated with the university of teller , Sergej Chludov who authored the book `` Entwicklung von Algorithmen und Programmen für ein Archivierungs- und Kommunikationssystem zur internetbasierten Verwaltung medizinischer Bilder . ''
Helmut Hoyer is the primary affiliation of the University of Hagen in Germany and is the author of the following books : Michael Gerke et al.: From Simulation to Virtual Reality : A Robotic Application . ( 1994 ) , Ein Beitrag zur Entwicklung von digitalen Differentialanalysatoren für den Einsatz in Hybridrechnern. ( 1980 ) . He was authored by Helmut Hartoyer and his co-authored by Thomas Berkel et al . He is also the co-author of `` Martin Witte et al ! Virtuelles Labor-Nutzung in Echtzeit für Robotersysteme. (1997 ) . ( 1998 ) and `` Migrationsstrategie e-Learning . ( 1997 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Dresden is the company of Björn Döbel which is the author of the following books : The authors : Aaron Pohle et al.: Capability wrangling made easy : debugging on a microkernel with valgrind . ( 2012 ) , the authors : BHärtig : Can we put concurrency back into redundant multithreading? ( 2014 ) , and the carriers : Operating System Support for Redundant Multithreading . (2014 ) . ( 2014 .
Thomas S Heinze 's primary affiliation is Friedrich Schiller University Jena , Institute of Computer Science and he authored Thomas S. Heinze et al.: BPMN in the Wild : A Reprise . ( 2022 ) , Thomas S Hartze : Security Challenges of Cloud Manufacturing : A Case Study in the Aerospace Domain ( short paper ) (2019 ) . He was also the author of the books : The authors : Jasmin Türker and Thomas S Heze : PANIC - Plugging Data Leak Detection into the Camunda Modeler ( abbreviated to TPS . ( 2016 ) and the authors : TPSL . (2021 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same paper . Heze and the printed in the Decemelding Semantic Business Process Model Clones ( 2016-2021 . ( Este Überlegungen zur Erklärbarkeit von Deep-Learning-Modellen für die Analyse von Quellcode .
The primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Karl-Marx-Stadt (Chemnitz ) in Germany is the Mathias Nagel Institute for Mathematisch-statistische Modelle für die Kontrolle der mikrobiologischen Belastung von Gewässern . ( 1984 ) .
The University of Bonn in Germany is affiliated to Martin Koch 0005 which authored Martin Koch : Microarrayanalyse gynäkologischer Tumorentitäten . ( 2013 ) .
The primary affiliation of Petra Hofstedt is the Brandenburg University of Technology in Cottbus , Germany . They are the authors of the following books : Kroll et al.: Deklarative Modellierung und effiziente Optimierung - quo vadis? Ausgewählte Herausforderungen und Potenziale für die nächsten Jahre - zur Diskussion . ( 2014 ) , Koln & Florian Lorenzen : Constraint Functional Multicore Programming . ( 2009 ) and the PoCFL . (2009 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also authored by her . It was followed by the Koln and Koln . ( 2016 ) .
Bernd Hentschel 0002 is the primary affiliation of the Academy of Sciences of the German Democratic Republic , Berlin , Germany and was authored by Bernd Hartling . It is also the author of the Dezentrale Realisierung zentraler Optimalsteuerungsstrategien Unter LQG-Voraussetzungen . ( 1987 ) .
The University of Tübingen in Germany is the primary affiliation of Axel Müller 0002 which was authored by Axel Möller . He is the author of the book `` Axel Müller : Entwurfsmethodik und automatisierte Verteilung für Steuerungssoftware in der Automobilelektronik . ( 1999 ) . The book was authored in the same year and is the sequel to The book `` Axiom : Client/Server-Architecture for open-loop functions in the automotive electronics development . '' which was also authored in 1999 .
Fabian Hadiji is the primary affiliation of Goedle.io GmbH in Cologne , Germany and was authored by Christian Bauckhage et al.: GeoDBLP : Geo-Tagging DBLP for Mining the Sociology of Computer Science ( 2013 ) . It was also authored by Kristian Kersting et al : Informed Lifting for Message-Passing . ( 2015 ) and Fabian Hilary Pedersen & Kristian Kermont : eLift : DeLivable Likelihood Maximization for Modifications for Competing Systems (2013 ) . ( 2014 ) . The latter was the authored by the latter was also the author of the latter . It is the authorship of the book which was written in the same order . The book was also published in the following order : `` Youness Dehbi et Al.: Statistical Relational Learning of Grammar Rules for 3D Building Reconstruction . (2017 ) .
Michael Witt 0001 is affiliated with the Free University of Berlin in Germany and authored by Jie Wu et al.: Extending XNAT towards a Cloud-based Quality Assessment Platform for Retinal Optical Coherence Tomographies . ( 2014 ) . He was also the author of `` Michael Witt : Generation of Secure Runtime Environments for Untrusted Applications Through Machine Code Analysis . ( 2021 ) , '' which was authored by Maryna Khvastova et al . ( 2015 ) .
The primary affiliation of Marburg University in Germany is the Markus Ruffing 0001 which was authored in 1994 . The university 's primary affiliation is the Mark Ruffing Institute for the Study of Profil einer Datenbank .
The University of Hagen in Germany is the primary affiliation of Marco X. Bornschlegl . He is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : The following : The book `` Marco X : Erweiterte Visuelle Benutzerschnittstellen für Big-Data-Analysen . (2019 ) , '' The authors are : Michael Kaufmann et al.: A Conceptual Architecture for AI-based Big Data Analysis and Visualization Supporting Metagenomics Research. ( 2016 ) , `` Thoralf Reis & al.: CODEN : A Reference Model for Advanced Visual Interfaces Supporting Big Data-Anten. (2019 '' , `` Marking and Qualitative Evaluation of a Management Canvas for Big Data . (2020 ) . (2017 ) and `` Christian Danowski-Buhren & Information Visualization & Information-Verification . ( 2016 '' .
The primary affiliation of QAware GmbH in Munich , Germany is Florian Lautenschlager et al.: Chronix : Long Term Storage and Retrieval Technology for Anomaly Detection in Operational Data . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the authors of the Flemish-language Transactions : Filippe Speicherung von Zeitreihen mit Betriebsdaten aus Software-Systemen zur Analyse von Laufzeitdaten . ( 2015 . and the German Transactions : The Missing Link in Dynamic Software Analysis . (2015 ) . The latter which was authored by the latter . The authors of which , FlorianLautenscherung von Spokesman : Larcherlager and Florian Livboucher Wohrscheißererkennung der Gruppe . ( 2018 .
The University of Hanover , Hannover , Germany is the primary affiliation of Wolfgang Mader 0001 . He authored the books : Wolfgang Mcker : On Vertices of outdegree n in minimally n-connected digraphs. ( 2002 ) , Wolfgang Maders : On vertices of even-connected graphs , reducing the edge-connectivity only by two. ( 1986 ) , and Wolfgang M. Mader : Kritisch n-fach kantenzusammenhängende Graphen. ( 1990 ) . The latter was authored in the same year . He also authored the book . He was the author of the book : Kolnisch N-Fach kandenzusAMmenhángende graphen . ( 1986 .
Kubilay Demir and Neeraj Suri : SeReCP : A Secure and Reliable Communication Platform for the Smart Grid. ( 2014 ) and Kubilaya Demir et al.: Robust QoS-aware communication in the smart distribution grid. (2017 ) are the authors of Kubilays Demir & al.: MPTCP-H : A DDoS attack resilient transport protocol to secure wide area measurement systems . (2019 ) .
Andreas Wittmann , authored by Michael Schröder , is the primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Germany . The University is affiliated with the university of Christoph Günther 0003 and its primary affiliation is Peter Wägemann .
Christian Stangier is the primary affiliation of the Mentor Graphics company and is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : Christoph Meinel and ChristianStangier : Modular Partitioning and Dynamic Conjunction Scheduling in Image Computation. ( 2001 ) , the authors of `` ChristophMeinel & Christian Stangerier : Applying Formal Verification with Protocol Compiler . '' ( 1999 ) , `` '' ( 2003 ) , '' and `` The authors : A new partitioning scheme for improvement of image computation by accelerating dynamic variable reordering . ( 2000 ) . ( 2001 . ( 2002 ) . The latter is also authored by Christian Sthangier and Ulrich Holtmann , '' which was authored by `` Christian St.Mentor Graphics '' . ( 1999 .
The primary affiliation of Oldenbourg Technical University of Dortmund in Germany is Michael Müller 0006 which was authored by Michael M.M.E . in 1986 . The university is also the primary affiliation for the University of Gottingen .
Davide Chicco and Giuseppe Jurman : Arterial Disease Computational Prediction and Health Record Feature Ranking Among Patients Diagnosed With Inflammatory Bowel Disease . ( 2021 ) is more reliable than balanced accuracy , bookmaker informedness , and markedness in two-class confusion matrix evaluation . ( 2014 ) . It was authored by Davidechco and Luca Oneto : Data analytics and clinical feature ranking of medical records of patients with sepsis . (2021 ) . The latter was preceded by the publication of the book Delphco et al.: The Matthews correlation coefficient ( MCC . ( 2011 ) . DavideChicco and Marco Masseroli : Extended Spearman and Kendall Coefficients for Gene Annotation List Correlation . (2014 ) . ( 2015 ) .
Dieter Lorenz 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Mittelhessen in Germany and was authored by Katrin Moeller et al.: LED Office Lighting to Promote Performance and Well-Being . ( 2011 ) and DieterLorenz : Ergonomic design of Call Centers . ( 2001 ) .
Wolf-Ekkehard Blanz is the primary affiliation of the Siemens Molecular Imaging in Knoxville , TN , USA . He authored W.E. Blanz and W. E. Gish : Comparing the Performance of Connectionist and Statistical Classifiers on an Image Segmentation Problem . ( 1989 ) . He was also authored by both B. J. Straub and L.C . Sanz : A Connectionist Classifier architecture applied to image segmentation . ( 1990 ) .
The Darmstadt University of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Wasiur R KhudaBukhsh which was authored by Wasiurs R.KhudaBuchsh et al.: A Comprehensive Analysis of Swarming-based Live Streaming to Leverage Client Heterogeneity . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the works that were published in the following order : `` The Generalized Performance Evaluation Framework for Parallel Systems with Compromised Conditions : Bounds and Applications . '' and `` The Addressed By '' . The latter was preceded by `` The Advised By '' WasiUR R.K.L.W.E.S . (2017 ) and wasiursand al.: Analysing and leveraging client heterogeneity in the same year . (2016 ) . ' and 'W.wasiurR.Khudhsh ' , which was also authored by 'Adrian Sosic & al.: Cross-Layer QoE-based Inverse Reinforcement Learning in Swarm Systems ' ( 2016 .
Benjamin Tannert is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen in Germany and authored the books : Anke Marei Brock et al.: SIG : Making Maps Accessible Barriers Using Cost-Benefit Analysis to Design Reliable Navigation Services for Wheelchair Users . ( 2018 ) , He also authored : Digitale Medien für Menschen mit Lernschwierigkeiten Entwicklung und Erprobung eines mobilen Assistenzsystems für kontextbezogenes Lernen . ( 2021 ) . He was authored in the same year . He is the author of the book that led to the publication of the work that was preceded by the book `` Ankemmarrantisation Systems for People with Mobility Impairments . (2018 ) .
The primary affiliation of Champika Ranasinghe is the University of Twente , culty of Electrical Engineering , Mathematics , and Computer Science , Enschede , The Netherlands . The company is the author of the following books : The authorship of the books : `` Champika Manel Ranasingshe et al.: Visualizing Location Uncertainty on Mobile Devices : Assessing Users ' Perception and Preferences . ( 2016 ) , '' which was authored by E.R.I . A. C. M. Uduwaragoda et al . (2018 ) , `` Champiki EpaRanasinghe : Adapting navigation support to positional information of varying quality . '' , `` Cross-Cultural Differences in Perceptions and Preferences. ( 2018 ) , '18 , ' , ' ( 2016 , '1917 , ' and '08 , ' in-the-wild Studies . ( 2018 . (2019 , '17 , and '18 ) . The latter was also authored by the latter was written by the company ' , which was itself authored by him . in the same year . ( also known as `` C.I.W . ' . '' . ( which was also written in the year '17 ) . ' , was also the authored by '08 . , which is also the co-authored by the author : '08 and '09 . `` The latter is the sequel to '08-19 . `` , which itself was also preceded by '09-1912 . `` He was also co-authored by the same author . ' in the following order : `` X.R . I. A.C . M.U.W. ' . He . He 's also authored in the latter . ' which was written in '19 . He has also authored `` The following : '' : `` The authors : '' , '08 : `` '' : 'Champika Ranaserhe , '09 : '09 , '06 : `` He ' was also Authored by `` The Authorented by '' : '' ; `` The Information : Identifier : Location Information Quality : A.L.C.E . & 'W.I ' , '' '08 - '09 - '08 ; '08 ': '09 ' : `` E. R. I.A.C' : 'E.R' : `` C:I.E.L . ' : ' , `` X:R:Influenced : `` Evaluating User Experience under Location Information
Ana-Maria Olteteanu is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Spatial Cognition Center in Germany and was authored by Faheem Hassan Zunjani and Ana-Marisa Oltetteeanu : Are all Remote Associates Test equal? An overview and comparison of the CRIDENames for Computational Modelling and Creativity Support using Associative Creativity and Creative Problem Solving . (2019 ) and Jan Philipp Behrens . The latter was authored in the same year . It was followed by the work in the works in the following order : An introduction of the following : An initial Validation . ( 2018 ) and the associated with Eureka in Four Not-So-Easy Steps : Towards Creative Visuospatial Intelligence . (2018 ) .
Redwan Abdo A. Mohammed is the primary affiliation of the University of Rostock , Institute of Computer Science . He is the author of the following books : The authors of the books : Redwan A.Mohammed et al.: Gaze Location Prediction with Depth Features as Auxiliary Information . ( 2014 ) , Redwan B.A.M. and Oliver G. Staadt : The Effects of Interior Bezels of Tiled Large High-Resolution Displays on Saliency Prediction and Human Eye Movement Behavior . ( 2015 ) , and the authors : The latter was also written in the same year . The latter is also authored in the latter was in the past . (2014 ) and the previous year . (2015 ) . and the latter is in the works . ( both were written in redwan Abdowt : Addressed to the Information Systems to the Centre of Gaze during Free Viewing . ( 2016 ) .
René Weller is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Faculty of Mathematics , Computer Science . He authored J. Cepok et al.: Kinaptic - Techniques and insights for creating competitive accessible 3D games for sighted and visually impaired users in the year 2016 . He was authored by Gabor Scharf and Rene Hartel . He is also the author of J.Cepok & al.: Identifier : A Reactive Multithreaded Pipeline Library for 3D Telepresence in VR . ( 2016 ) . He and Gabriel Zachmann : The latter was also the authored by Jörn Teuber et al . That publication was preceded by the work that was followed by the book J.D.L.I . That book was also written in the entity-component-system pattern for realtime interactive systems. ( 2016 .
Bernhard Schätz is the primary affiliation of TU Munich , Department of Informatics , Germany . He is the author of the following books : Klaus Becker et al.: Anforderungsanalyse in der modellbasierten Entwicklung am Beispiel von AutoFocus . ( 2014 ) , Tamas Szabó & al.: mbeddr - Extensible Languages for Embedded Software Development . ( 2016 ) and Dagmar Koß & Co . ( 2004 ) . He authored the latter . He was also the co-authored by the latter in the same work . He has also worked with the Gruppe Eingebettete Systeme ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by the Gruppo . ( 2012 ) and the latter by the Co. ( 2014 .
Albert Fleischmann is the primary affiliation of the Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt in Germany and is the author of the following works : AlbertFleischmann et al.: Moding and Implementing of Industrie 4.0 Scenarios . ( 2015 ) , Albert Fleishmann et Al.: Subject-Oriented Modeling and Execution of Multi-agent Business Processes . ( 2013 ) , and Albert Fleismann : Eine Methode zur Beschreibung von Kommunikations in Requirements Engineering. ( 2018 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by Albert Fleiischmann . ( 2014 ) . It was also authored by the co-authored by the latter was in the same year . The EIPM comes under the jurisdiction of the Co-operating Systems-of-Systems for Process Execution Support. ( 2016 .
Jil Klünder 's primary affiliation is Leibniz University Hannover , Germany and he is the author of the following books : Nils Prenner et al.: Defining Frames to Structure Agile Development in Hybrid Settings - A Multi-Case Interview Study. ( 2022 ) , Marc Herrmann and Jilklünder : From Textual to Verbal Communication : Towards Applying Sentiment Analysis to a Software Project Meeting - A Case Study . ( 2021 ) - A Systematic Literature Review . (2021 ) . The latter was authored by the latter was also written in the same year . This publication was preceded by the book by the authors : These are the authors . (2018 ) . It was also authored in the following year . The authors were also the authors of this publication . Jil Karras et al . Linking Use Cases and Associated Requirements - A Software project Meeting .
Regina Fischer and Marlies Rogalski : Datenbankgestütztes Kosten- und Erlöscontrolling : Konzept und Realisierung einer entscheidungsorienerten Erfolgsrechnung ; 2. überarbeitete Auflage . ( 1995 ) is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen , Germany , where Benjamin Tannert and Hendrik Wöhrle are both leaders . It is also the location of the university where Regina Fischer 0001 is the current Dean .
Hannes Klarner is the primary affiliation of the Free University of Berlin in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : Hannesklarner et al.: Erratum to: Computing maximal and minimal trap spaces of Boolean networks. ( 2014 ) , Hannes Kolnarner & al.: Euler to : Computing Symbolic Steady States of Boolean Networks. ( 2016 ) and Hilen Thobe et al.Models for asynchronous logical networks . ( 2015 ) . The latter was preceded by the book `` H.L.W.S.W . ( 2018 ) and the latter was written in the same year . ( 2014 .
Carsten Thomas : Hierarchical object nets-a methodology for graphical modeling of discrete event systems . ( 1993 ) is the primary affiliation of the Braunschweig University of Technology in Germany . The University is affiliated with CarstenThomas : Ein objektorientiertes Konzept zur Modellierung und Simulation komplexer Systeme . ( 1996 ) .
Alexander Schäfer et al.: Comparing Controller With the Hand Gestures Pinch and Grab for Picking Up and Placing Virtual Objects. ( 2022 ) and Jilliam María Díaz Barros & al.: Real-Time Head Pose Estimation by Tracking and Detection of Keypoints and Facial Landmarks. ( 2018 ) were authored by the Augmented Vision Group , German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence . They are the authors of the books that were published in the year 2021 . The latter was authored by Kripasindhu Sarkar et al . It is the authored by Didier Stricker . He was also the author of the book that was written in the same year . He has also authored in the following : The book `` Tewodros Habtegebrial et al. (2018 ) and the book which was also authored by Michael Fürst and al.: HPERL : 3D Human Pas Estimation from RGB and LiDAR . (2020 .
The primary affiliation of Yiwei Cao is the RWTH Aachen University in Germany and they are the authors of the following books : The following are the publications : The authors : The Dejan Kovachev et al.: Mobile Cloud Computing : A Comparison of Application Models ( 2011 ) , the printed works : The latter was authored by YiweiCao , which is in the following order : `` Yiwei : Intergenerational Community Learning Supported by a Hypermedia Afghan Sites and Monuments Database . ( 2005 ) , '06 , '07 , '08 , '09 and '09 , '10 , '12 , '13 , '16 , '17 , '29 , '30 , '01 , '02 , '03 , '05 , '11 , '14 , '15 , '28 , ' was written by '06 and '08 . ' , the latter was also authored by '09 . The latter by '08 and '12 ' was also the authored by Dej Kovachev & al.:Mobile Cloud Computing: A Comparison Of Application Models ' ( 2011 and '10 respectively . '16 and '16 respectively , and '17 respectively . This was the co-authored by the latter is the latter by the Chinese language , which was also written by the Dejvchow '09-09 , and was also in the same author was the pre-written by '16 ' , as was '09 ' , in the latter ' , and is also the author of '08-2015 . This is the prequel to '16-2015 ' which is the `` YIwei Cao : Uncertainty handling in mobile community information systems , ' which was the authorship of '06-09 . This latter was followed by '07-09 by 'YIweiCourier ' , which in turn was the author : '08 ' , 'Wywei Cao ' , whose primary affiliation is Ralf Klamma et Al.: Construction on the Web 2.0 as a New Means of Creating Arts . ( 2009-2015 , and the latter has been authored by `` Xiuwei Cao et al : Irrespective Personal Learning Environments by Context-Aware Tagging . (2010-09 ) . ' and '07 was '08 - '09 - '10 ' - which was written in '09 respectively .
Benjamin Tannert is the primary affiliation of the University of Bremen in Germany and authored the books : Anke Marei Brock et al.: SIG : Making Maps Accessible Barriers Using Cost-Benefit Analysis to Design Reliable Navigation Services for Wheelchair Users . ( 2018 ) , He also authored : Digitale Medien für Menschen mit Lernschwierigkeiten Entwicklung und Erprobung eines mobilen Assistenzsystems für kontextbezogenes Lernen . ( 2021 ) . He was authored in the same year . He is the author of the book that led to the publication of the work that was preceded by the book `` Ankemmarrantisation Systems for People with Mobility Impairments . (2018 ) .
Fabian Hadiji is the primary affiliation of Goedle.io GmbH in Cologne , Germany and was authored by Christian Bauckhage et al.: GeoDBLP : Geo-Tagging DBLP for Mining the Sociology of Computer Science ( 2013 ) . It was also authored by Kristian Kersting et al : Informed Lifting for Message-Passing . ( 2015 ) and Fabian Hilary Pedersen & Kristian Kermont : eLift : DeLivable Likelihood Maximization for Modifications for Competing Systems (2013 ) . ( 2014 ) . The latter was the authored by the latter was also the author of the latter . It is the authorship of the book which was written in the same order . The book was also published in the following order : `` Youness Dehbi et Al.: Statistical Relational Learning of Grammar Rules for 3D Building Reconstruction . (2017 ) .
Michael Weber 0005 , authored by Matthias Kleiner et al.: Tube expansion by gas detonation . ( 2006 ) , is the primary affiliation of the RWTH Aachen , Shock Wave Laboratory , which is affiliated with the Michael Weber Association for Research on Parallel algorithms for verification on large systems .
Alexander Schmid 0002 is the primary affiliation of the University of Luzern in Switzerland and authored the book : Der IT-Outsourcingvertrag im Schweizerischen Recht : Hauptleistungspflichten , Leistungsstörungen und Vertragsgestaltung . ( 2019 ) .
The primary affiliation of the Fraunhofer Institute for Digital Media Technology ( IDMT ) in Oldenburg , Germany is Carlos F da Silva Souto et al.: Flex-Printed Ear-EEG Sensors for Adequate Sleep Staging at Home . ( 2021 ) . This book was authored by Carlos F. da Silva Sanchez , who is the author of Carlos Filipe da Silva souto : Speech-related brain responses as a basis for auditory brain-computer interfaces . (2019 ) .
Alexander Roth 0004 is affiliated with the RWTH Aachen in Germany and is authored by both Alexander Roth Kautz et al.: Achievements , Failures , and the Future of Model-Based Software Engineering . ( 2016 ) and Pedram Mir Seyed Nazari et al : An Extended Symbol Table Infrastructure to Manage the Composition of Output-Specific Generator Information . 2016 . The latter was authored by Andreas Ganser et al ; Staged model evolution and proactive quality guidance for model libraries . 2016 and the latter by Katrin Hölldobler & al.: Advances in Model-based Software Engineering. ( 2016 .
Fidaa Abed is the primary affiliation of the Technische Universität München in Germany and was authored by Fidaas Abed et al.: A Linear Delay Linear Space Algorithm for Enumeration of All Connected Induced Subgraphs . ( 2018 ) and Fida A Abed and Chien-Chung Huang : Preemptive Coordination Mechanisms for Unrelated Machines . ( 2014 ) . The latter two were both written in the same way . The former was preceded by the latter in the form of the latter . They were both authored in the following order . Fidaata Abed , which was also authored in this order . In the same year they were the authors of the same book . FIDAA Abed & al.: Near-Optimal Asymmetric Binary Matrix Partitions . ( 2012 and 2015 respectively .
The primary affiliation of André Janus 0001 is the University of Magdeburg in Germany and it is the author of the books Andre Janus : Konzepte für Agile Qualitätssicherung und -bewertung in Wartungs- und Weiterentwicklungs/Projekten . ( 2012 ) and André Jus : Andréjus et al.: The 3C approach for agile quality assurance . ( 2013 ) . The latter was also authored by Andr Janus . This book was also the co-authored by Andréjanus . The 3D approaches for agile software development model (ASDM ) .
The primary affiliation of Tobias Jäkel is the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and he is the author of the following books : Tobias J.J.s : The Role-based Database Model and Architecture. ( 2014 ) , the authors : The role-based database Model for Role-Based Software Systems. ( 2016 ) , and the ECLC - a query language for dynamic data types . ( 2015 ) .
Martin Spüler is the primary affiliation of Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen , Department of Computer Science . He is the author of the following books : Armin Walter et al.: Dynamics of a Stimulation-evoked ECoG Potential During Stroke Rehabilitation - A Case Study . ( 2014 ) , Martin Spussler : Assessing the Benefit of a MEG-Based Brain-Computer Interfacing. ( 2013 ) , Farid Shiman et al.EcoG in Chronic Stroke Patients. (2013 ) , and Martin Sputler : Affsupervised Online Calibration of a c-VEP Brain-computer Interfacing . ( 2015 ) , which was authored by the Decemelding Wrist Movement Trajectory from the same limb using EEG . ( 2013 . (2015 ) . ( 2016 ) .
Matthias Wübbeling is the primary affiliation of the University of Bonn in Germany and he authored the books : Timo Malderle et al.: Credential Intelligence Agency : A Threat Intelligence Approach to Mitigate Identity Theft . ( 2016 ) , Daniel Gruss et al : Generalizing the use-After-free Problem and Applying it to Email Services . ( 2018 ) and Timo Molning and Michael Meier : The Management of the Identifier Leaks using Threat Intelligence . (2018 ) . The latter was authored by him . He was also authored by the latter .
Yongjie Yang 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Central South University , School of Information Science and Engineering in Changsha , China and was authored by Gábor Erdélyi et al.: Improved kernel and algorithm for claw and diamond free edge deletion based on refined observations . ( 2022 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Yongjiie Yang : On the Complexity of Constructive Control Under Nearly Single-Peaked Preferences . ( 2016 ) and `` GájieYang: On the Expertise : Solving Open Problems for Control in Elections . (2019 ) '' . The latter was preceded by the book 'Wenjun Li & Jianxin Wang : Complexity and Strategyproofness . (2018 ) . (2022 ) and 'YJie Yang ' which was written in the same language . ' which is the prequel to ' to ' that was the authored by ' to the ' ( 2016 .
Fei Zhang 0005 is the primary affiliation of the Gessellschaft für wissenschaftliche Datenverarbeitung mbH Göttingen , Germany and was authored by Fei Zhang et al.: CBase : A New Paradigm for Fast Virtual Machine Migration across Data Centers Based on Three-Layer Image Structure . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the Fei Zhang & al.: CRase : The Management of Virtual Machines in the Cloud Computing Environments . ( 2018 ) . The latter was preceded by the previous one , which was written by the latter in the same year . The previous one was written in the form of the same entity . ( 2017 ) . This was followed by the new data center structure . (2019 ) and the latter was also authored by the division of the 3-layer Image structure .
Martin Becker 0001 is the primary affiliation of TU Munich , Institute for Real-Time Computer Systems , Germany and was authored by Alejandro Masrur et al.: TIC : a scalable model checking based approach to WCET estimation . ( 2016 ) and Samarjit Chakraborty : Multi-layered scheduling of mixed-criticality cyber-physical systems . ( 2013 ) . The latter is the authorship of the Martin Becker 01 which was also authored by Martin Becker et al : Cross-Layer Interactions in CPS for Performance and Certification . (2019 ) . It is the authored by the author of the latter . Martin Becker . It was also written in the same publication . ( 2014 ) and the latter was the authors of the publication of the information . (2013 ) .
Dietmar Müller 0003 ( authored by Dietmar M.M. ) is the primary affiliation of the Free University of Berlin , Dahlem , Germany . The university 's primary affiliation is the Federal Ministry of Health which is the location of the Institute for the Study of Information ( 2002 ) .
Helmut Dietrich 0002 is the primary affiliation of Technical University Leuna-Merseburg , Germany . He authored the book Helm Dietrich : Zur Untersuchung optimaler Steuerungsprobleme mit Operator-Zustandsgleichungen Unter Benutzung der Dualitätstheorie . ( 1982 ) .
Michael Schmitz 0003 is the primary affiliation of RWTH Aachen University in Germany and was authored by him . He is the author of the book Entwurf einer Bilddatenbank als Teil eines zahnmedizinischen Abteilungsinformationssystems . ( 1997 ) .
Martin Simons 0001 is the primary affiliation of Daimler AG in Böblingen , Germany and was authored by both Cornelia Heinisch and Mart Simons : A Calculational Approach to Flattening Nested Data Parallelism in Functional Languages . ( 1996 ) and Rolf Ernst et al.: The Logical Execution Time Paradigm : New Perspectives for Multicore Systems ( Dagstuhl Seminar 18092 ) . ( 1998 ) . The latter was preceded by the book `` The Management of formal proofs . ( 2003 ) .
Martin Beckmann 0002 is the primary affiliation of TU Berlin in Germany and was authored by Martin Beckman and Aaron Schlutter . The authors are : Martin Mckmann et al.: Information Extraction from High-level Activity Diagrams to Support Development Tasks . ( 2016 ) , Martin M Beckmann and Andreas Vogelsang : ( Semi-) Automatic Merging of Product Variant Requirements Specification Documents . ( 2017 ) , and Martin Koln Pestalozza : (Semi-Autumn Verging of product Variant Requirements . ( 2018 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter is the author of the latter was also the authors of the book which was written in the same year . The book was also authored in the following order : MartinBeckmann & Andreas V.D. ( 2016 .
The Gerhard Mercator University Duisburg , Department of Computer Science is the primary affiliation of Stefan Müller 0001 which is authored by the following authors : Stefan M.Engel and Gerhard Rigoll : Engineering Drawing Database Retrieval using Pseudo 3-D Hmms for Image Sequence Recognition . ( 1999 ) and Stefan Eickeler et al.: Invariante Erkennung handskizzierter Piktogramme mit Anwendungsmöglichkeiten in der inhaltsorientierten Bilddatenbankabfrage . ( 1998 ) . The latter is the authored by Stefan Molnar 0001 . This is the sequel to the earlier work which was written by the latter in 1999 .
Frederik Beuth is the primary affiliation of the Chemnitz University of Technology , Department of Computer Science in Germany . He was authored by both Nisnab Udas et al.: Concept Detection in Medical Images using Xception Models - TUCMC at ImageCLEFmed 2020 . (2020 ) and Tobias Schlosser et al : A Novel Visual Fault Detection and Classification System for Semiconductor Manufacturing Using Stacked Hybrid Convolutional Neural Networks . ( 2021 ) . He is the authored by the latter . The latter was preceded by the authors , who are also in the same journal . He has also written in the following order : The Performance of a Biologically Inspired Hexagonal Deep Learning for Hexagonal Image Generation . (2022 ) . ( 2016 ) .
Peter Lindner 0001 is affiliated with the RWTH Aachen University in Germany and is authored by Martin Grohe and PeterLindner : The theory of infinite probabilistic databases . ( 2022 ) and also by Nofar Carmeli et al.: Tuple-Independent Representations of Infinite Probabilistic Databases. ( 2021 ) . The latter was authored by Peter Grohe & Peter Lindners . (2020 ) .
The primary affiliation of TU Munich in Germany is Sebastian Bauer 0005 which is authored by Sebastian Bauer . The latter company is the publisher of Sebastian Bauer : Fehlerdiagnose bei Luftfahrttriebwerken . ( 1997 ) .
Andreas Wittmann 0001 is the primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg and was authored by Andreas Werten . The university 's primary affiliation is the Technical College Andreas which is affiliated with the university .
Frank Müller 0003 is the primary affiliation of the University of Duisburg-Essen in Germany . It was authored by Axel Hunger and Frank Muhller : Systematische Analyse der digitalen Fehlersimulation als Grundlage für die Entwicklung effizienter Parallelisierungsansätze . ( 1994 ) . It is also the author of the book The book The Infinitese : Modelling Hierarchy as Guideline for Parallel Simulation .
The primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany is Rolf Zimmermann 0001 which authored the book RolfZimmermann : Ausgewählte Grundlagen für die rechnergestützte Technische Modellierung im Maschinenbau . ( 1987 ) .
The Technical University of Darmstadt , CASED , Germany is the primary affiliation of Ferdinand Brasser . He was authored by both Raad Bahmani et al.: Secure Multiparty Computation from SGX . ( 2016 ) and Andrew Paverd et al : Practical and Secure Index with SGX. ( 2017 ) . He is also the author of the works of both Gruppo Gruppo eIgli et al . SADAN : Scalable Adversary Detection in Autonomous Networks ( 2016 . and also the authors of both the books of `` Hamid Reza Ghaeini & CTI State-aware anomaly detection for industrial control systems . (2018 ) . (2019 ) . The latter was preceded by the book by the latter . He also authored by The authors of `` Xpedist Sarrezi - Usable Cryptographic Tokens with Secure Execution . ( 2012 . ( 2019 ) .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany is the primary affiliation of Hannes Hartenstein . He is the author of the following works : Hartenstein and Peter Vortisch : Traffic Telematics ( Verkehrstelematik ) ( 2008 ) , He has also authored the works : Radiowater et al.: Distributed Fair Transmit Power Adjustment for Vehicular Ad Hoc Networks ( 2006 ) and He was authored by Holger Kühner et al . He was the authored by He Hebras Hartenstein ( 2009 ) . The latter was also authored by the latter . He has been the co-authored by Hebrinken and Graf Kontrolle über beliebigen Speicheranbietern : ein Überblick. ( 2013 ) and the latter was in the same year . Hebrtrolle Ein Zee 802.11 modeling and simulation in ns-2. ( 2006 . He also authored in the latter year . ( 2015 ) and he was also the author in the works of the latter which was also in the following : Hebrigen : Wie kann ein Zandrolle AIberbulle CODern: ein Hebrskolnik. ( 2016 ) . He authored by Hilger Kowenstein ( 2011 ) and has been authored by The latter is also in that order . He can link me various social network profiles as a basis to reveal my virtual appearance . ( 2013 . He had also authored to the latter work . He 's authored by Springer Koln ein Benutzer Gruppeninteraktionen Seine Identitätsdaten bewahren? ( 2014 ) and also to Lars Torrent-Moreno et al ! Bewertungskriterien und Föderation : Grappen ein Wechselverwaltung Zur Evaluation und Entwicklung zur Evaluation & Solveting ein Wihe Wihe CODEN . ( 2011 - 2015 ) . His work was also co- authored by Koln Koln and Hartenstein , who has also worked with Sebastian Labitzke et al : How I and others to link to the various Social network profiles . He wrote the work of Kevin Körner & Co. ( 2015 - 2016 . He He was also a co-author of the book `` Koln Ein Wehe Hebrigschow : Bhazar et al!: B
The University of Magdeurg in Germany is the primary affiliation of the Markus Wolf 0001 which is authored by Mark Wolf and Ulrich Kleine . They are the authors of the Mark Wolf et al.: A Novel Design Assistant for Analog Circuits . ( 1998 ) and the Lihong Zhang et Al.: A new design rule for automated layout tools . ( 2000 ) .
The Polytechnic of Porto is affiliated to Konstantinos Bletsas and Stefan M. Petters . They are the authors of the following books : Borislav Nikolic et al.: Worst-Case Communication Delay Analysis for NoC-Based Many-Cores Using a Limited Migrative Model . ( 2016 ) , Guillem Bernat & al.: WCET Analysis of Probabilistic Hard Real-Time System . ( 2002 ) and Robert I. Davis et al : Global fixed priority scheduling with deferred pre-emption . ( 2013 ) . ( 2015 ) . The latter was authored by him . Heiko Falk et al . emsoft'12 invited talk session outline . ( 2012 ) and the latter was also authored by Stefan M Petters in the same year .
Jens Kruse 0001 is the primary affiliation of the Deutscher Sporthochschule Koln , Germany and authored the book Jenskontakt : Gesundheitssport für Kinder - Entwicklung und Darstellung eines praktisch-orientierten Computerprogramms für den Schulsport auf der Grundlage theoretisch-konzeptioneller Ansätze . ( 1998 ) .
Bernhard Schätz is the primary affiliation of TU Munich , Department of Informatics , Germany . He is the author of the following books : Klaus Becker et al.: Anforderungsanalyse in der modellbasierten Entwicklung am Beispiel von AutoFocus . ( 2014 ) , Tamas Szabó & al.: mbeddr - Extensible Languages for Embedded Software Development . ( 2016 ) and Dagmar Koß & Co . ( 2004 ) . He authored the latter . He was also the co-authored by the latter in the same work . He has also worked with the Gruppe Eingebettete Systeme ( 2013 ) . The latter was authored by the Gruppo . ( 2012 ) and the latter by the Co. ( 2014 .
Johannes Leupolz is the primary affiliation of the University of Augsburg in Germany . He is the author of the following publications : Axel Habermaier et al.: Unified Simulation , Visualization , and Formal Analysis of Safety-Critical Systems with S#. ( 2016 ) , and also of the publications : The following : Hemodialysis machine with S/2015 , and the following : The latter was also authored by him . He has also written the works : The publication of the journal 'Axel Habermeier et Al.: Quantitative and qualitative safety analysis of a hemodialization and measurement for Efficient Formal Safety Analysis of the same . ( 2016 . He was preceded by the publication of The journal 's `` ZERO Quantitative & qualitative and quantitative analysis of the latter was carried out in the same year .
The primary affiliation of Marburg University in Germany is the Markus Ruffing 0001 which was authored in 1994 . The university 's primary affiliation is the Mark Ruffing Institute for the Study of Profil einer Datenbank .
TU Darmstadt , Department of Computer Integrated Design , Germany is the primary affiliation of the company Marco Grimm 0002 which authored the book Marco Grimm : Konzept zum durchgängigen Schutz von Daten in der verteilten additiven Fertigung . ( 2016 ) . It is also the author of the book `` Marco Grimm and Reiner Anderl : Intellectual Property Protection and Secure Knowledge Management in Collaborative Systems Engineering . ( 2013 ) .
Uwe Zdun is the primary affiliation of the University of Vienna in Austria and is the author of the following books : The authors of the books are : `` Ernst Oberortner et al.: Tailoring a model-driven Quality-of-Service DSL for various stakeholders . ( 2009 ) , `` '' '' , `` Faiz Ul Muram & al.: Automated Mapping of UML Activity Diagrams to Formal Specifications for Supporting Containment Checking . ( 2014 ) , '' '' '' and `` '' , '' `` '' . The `` EOlder Mating Systems : A Pattern Language for Manual Analysis of QoS properties in service-oriented systems : a Pattern-based architectural modelling using architectural primitives . ( 2013 ) and '' '' ( 2014 . ( 2015 ) . ( 2016 ) . The latter was authored by `` Christine Mayr et Al.: Enhancing traceability of persistent data access flows in process-driven SOAs . (2013 '' .
Peter Wägemann is the primary affiliation of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Germany and is the author of the books : Steffen Vaas et al.: Taming Non-Deterministic Low-Level I/O : Predictable Multi-Core Real-Time Systems by SoC Co-Design . ( 2018 ) , The authorship of both the books are : Peter Wasmann : Energiebeschränkte Echtzeitsysteme und ihre Worst-Case-Analysen . ( 2021 ) and The authors : The latter was written in the same year . It was authored in the following order : From Automated Cost Modeling to Static WCET and CODEN . ( 2019 ) . (2019 ) . The latter is the authored by the latter was in the form of `` Simon Schuster et al.). Annotate once - analyze anywhere : context-aware WCET analysis by user-defined abstractions . (2021 . (2020 ) and the latter by the author Christian Eichler & al.: Fallow . (2018 ) . It is also the work that was authored by Peter Warmann . ( which is the work of the author . ( 2016 ) . Peter Warn is also authored by The author of which was also written by the book . He was also the co-Design in the previous year . He has also authored the book `` The Enumeration : ToStringInfiniteCODEN '' and the book The authors are : The authors of both were : The following : The book : The Electronic Transactions on Dec. 2021 . The book is also written in this format . The author is Peter W.W.Eng . He is also known by the names of both SteffenVaas & co-Expedition : An End-to-End Toolchain : ToCElling for static analysis tools of energy-constrained real-time systems (Artifact . ( 1921 ) . This book was preceded by The book `` Peter Wagnann : The Triidentity of the Pointers : From Auto-Constrained Real Time Systems ( Artifact ) , 'Verity of ' , 'EnergieBSchrata once - realize anywhere : Context-aware ITET ' and 'Influenced by 'Manualised ' . (2017 ) and 'Eternity ' . He also authored The book ' , which was co-authored by 'Christian E
Andreas Beck 0002 is authored by Andreas Beck and Nasser Jazdi and Andreas Beck : Modellbasierte Energiekostenanalyse automatisierter Systeme . ( 2011 ) . Andreas Beck is the primary affiliation of the University of Stuttgart in Germany and it is the authored By Andreas Beck & Peter Göhner : Models for Model-Based User-Centric Energy Analysis of Industrial Automation Systems . ( 2015 ) .
Andreas Rau 0001 is the primary affiliation of the CISPA in Saarbrücken , Germany and was authored in the following order : AndreasRau et al.: Efficient GUI test generation by learning from tests of other apps. ( 2018 ) , Andreas Ruse et al : Transferring Tests Across Web Applications. ( 2016 ) , and Andreas Rostrovig et Al.: Predicting behavior anomalies in graphical user interfaces. ( 2013 ) .
Johannes Wienke is the primary affiliation of the Bielefeld University in Germany and is the author of the following works : JohannesWienke et al.: A Data Set for Fault Detection Research on Component-based Robotic Systems. ( 2016 ) , Dinesh Babu Jayagopi et al . ( 2013 ) , and Sebastian Wrede : The Cognitive Interaction Toolkit : a conversational human-robot-interaction dataset . ( 2014 ) . ( 2016 . The latter was authored by him . He is the authored by the latter . He was also the co-author of the work that preceded the publication of the journal `` The Information Systems . (2013 ) . He also authored the journal 's `` Advances in robotics and intelligent systems . ( 2018 ) .
Andreas J. W. Goldschmidt is the author of Gerrit Hornung et al.: Die künftige Telematik-Rahmenarchitektur im Gesundheitswesen - Recht , Technologie , Infrastruktur und Ökonomie . ( 2005 ) and his primary affiliation is the University of Trier , Germany . He is the primary affiliation of the university which is affiliated with the Sergej Chludov school . He was authored by Gabor . He also has the academic school of physics . He has also been the Dean of Technology .
Michael Friedrich 0001 is the primary affiliation of Technical University in Munich , Germany . He authored Michael Friedrich : Sprachmittel und Werkzeuge zur Unterstützung paralleler und verteilter Programmierung . ( 1992 ) and Andreas Weininger et al.: ParSim : A Tool for the Analysis of Parallel and Distributed Programs . ( 1990 ) .
Udo Jörges is the primary affiliation of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany and was authored by Frank Ellinger et al.: A macromodel of the transfer characteristics of chopper-stabilized operational amplifiers oriented by the circuit structure . ( 1996 ) . It was also authored by G. Jummel : A M.Jummel . ( 2014 ) . The latter was preceded by the Gruido Belfiore et Al.: Design of a 56 Gbit/s 4-level pulse-amplitude-modulation inductor-limiting laser driver integrated circuit in 130 nm BiCMOS technology . ( 2015 ) and the latter was the authored by the latter . It is the author of which was the predecessor of the Decemelded by the F.C.and-hold circuit . ( 2009 ) . This circuit structure was constructed by the transmission characteristics of which were derived by the electronic component . ( 2016 . It has 33 dB gain at 400 kHz BW and 10dB gain at 3.5 MHz BW in flexible self-aligned a-IGZO TFT technology . The circuit structure and was also the co-pipitated by the Deccanters . The Roudo Jogs was coined by F.Jörges . ( 2013 ) . ( which was itself authored by The Roubojevo Joges . (2015 ) . He was the authors of which , was the Rouboji & F. J.J.Eng . (2014 ) . In the past it has been the authorised by the following : The GruidoBelfiore & G.J . Healtech ( 2014 was the latter : The Turbo-Hooper amplifiers , which was discovered in the following order : The latter had been authored by Robert Kostack & al.: Small signal analysis of the quadrature LC oscillator operating at 59-62.5 GHz . (2009 ) , the latter by the Turco Joger & Ferschischi et al : A 2 GHz low noise amplifier with transformer input matching in 28 nm CMOS. ( 2016 ) .
